"Yeah, I get that argument. At this point, I'd prefer is she lived in NC as well."
The blazers and Mavericks (The wests 5 and 6 seed) did not even carry a good enough record to make the playoffs in the east last year.
They're favored to win.
deadass don't kill my buzz
Yep can confirm I saw the tool they use for that. It was made by our boy EASports_MUT
do you find ariana grande sexy ?
What's your weird or unsettling Trick or Treat story?
Probably Sephiroth. I refuse to taint his greatness with *my* weak builds. He should equip *ONLY* the best TMs.
"What to upgrade? I have $500 to spend (mainly because it's my birthday on the 31st) and I'm not really sure what to upgrade. I don't have to spend all $500, I could spend as little or all of it if I want. Specs are: CPU: i5-6600K Cooler: CM 212 EVO RAM: 8GB Corsair Vengence LPX 2400MHz GPU: EVGA GTX 1070 SC Case: Corsair Spec Alpha PSU: EVGA P2 650w Storage: One 480 GB Corsair Force LE Monitor: BenQ XL2411Z Keyboard: Razer Blackwidow Tournament Edition What I'm thinking of right now is: -Get a 1TB WD Blue -Buy another 8GB of RAM -Replace my Razer Blackwidow with a keyboard with actual Cherry MX switches -Replace my case (Doesn't really offer features for good cable management) -Save up for a Volta Card"
"Probably count Kanye out Since the rest of his tour is canceled, it doesn't seem in the cards. But he's also so unpredictable, it could change. Thankfully I saw him before he started canceling shows, going on long rants and showing up late. But I'd love to see him again, especially at Lolla. Thoughts?"
"I bet if that money was poured into college debt or health debt relief, 81% of Americans would have been for it instead."
James Shields Will Not Exercise Opt-Out Clause
There's no time to worry about leaks when they gays are already out to get you.
Team Specific Threads No matter how many articles you read or how many hours of Red Zone you watch nothing quite makes up for watching every play of a game. Would the members of this community/the mods be open to creating a sticky post that has a team individual thread for every team in the NFL where team specific conversation can take place and people that watch individual games can comment? We may even be able to get some guys from team specific subreddits to stop by and give us some new insight.
Ill give you a hint. They commented in this thread
"Star Wars, easy. I'm not that bothered about Indiana Jones tbh"
You're adorable.
"He actually acts like a moody emo girl on twitter. He lashes out over incredibly petty things and takes it out on social media. He's a 70 year old man doing this, grow the fuck up and think of your dignity man."
"Clinton struggles to gain traction in Florida, despite spending - Clinton shocked money can't buy everything"
Is that the Older Clark and Older Lois?
"*Guilt roles over Mel, and he hesitates for a moment before pulling the girl into a hug.* ""Shhh, it's okay Tara. You two aren't going anywhere this time. Aurelia and I won't let that happen."""
They will never get the stability of the 3DS.
"I still doubt that ""all conservatives stand for is defeating liberals"". If you use the election of Trump as an example for the failure of modern conservatism, is it also fair to use the election of Hillary Clinton as a representative for modern Liberalism? I guess not. And the ""all conservatives stand for is defeating liberals"" could be applied vice versa if you only listen to people who are the loudest."
Today Russian media tweeted out that Wikileaks had released more of Podesta's emails before Wikileaks even did it. There is some control here.
"Thank you, Jagex, for being cool Jagex has always been a cool company, and we could thank them for tons of things, but I just noticed that they don't charge your card as a recurring subscription. So many companies today do scummy things where they try to get you to sign up for something so they can bill you monthly and hope you'll forget about it, but Jagex only runs your subscription for as long as you purchased. I know it's nothing huge, but it's something I appreciate."
467 A lovely way!
Jesus got
"""You are like the end piece of bread in a loaf, everyone touches you but no one wants you."""
Found this under a box of porno mags well cleaning out a trailer...
Who?
but what format
Pro tip - Fool around with worldy girls.
*is confused why so many people dislike Nickelback.* Not that I'm a fan but imo the music is decent enough.
"The dumb thing is, they are risking their seller account, too."
PGT: 9/4 vs. Indians All rants and angry posts go here. I'll start. Fuck Fernando Rodney
This is a great response! Too bad about the lack of accolades.
North Korea has never lied. Not once.
"Your house is burning down and you only have time to grab one thing ( not including family or pets ), what do you grab?"
Poor Dan. He looks like he needs some coffee or a energy drink. I don't think I've ever seen him be this quiet during a live stream.
This season's NFC equivalent of the Browns is straight up BUTT FUCKING US. I don't know how to handle this.
"Umm yes! It was a huge scandal, do you not member?"
"Hey... Don't you know that a convoluted unsupported theory which is only ""proven"" by a **Reddit comment** is a definite fact? I mean how can a simple explanation make more sense. Clearly the tinfoil hat explanation always make more sense, always."
"1,571,048"
But i liked Xpascal better with tartle then with chowex
Clinton campaign accuses FBI of 'blatant double standard'
Anyone else think that it was interesting the way she mentioned that she had a tape recorder in her hand while he was assaulting her...
"This map makes it look like there's a giant, lush, fertile valley in the middle, just waiting to produce all the food the world could possibly eat. Instead of being the endless fucking wasteland of ice and tundra that stored Captain America for 65 years."
What do you hate the most about the mainstream?
"Random question, how much of a pain in the ass is the appeals process for grades in college? I have a teacher who won't give me my credit for the online homework because of an obvious technical glitch."
Doug Marrone named Jaguars interim head coach.
Dominus GT (4) Takumi RXT (3) Trinity (1) Loopers (2) Lime loopers (15) More inside Keys Takumi anubis (0.5 keys) Breakout snakeskin (0.5 keys) 2x CC2 (0.25 keys each) Polygonal boost (0.5 keys) 5 rare decals (1 key) Black witch hat (1 key) White wich hat (1 key) Also taking offers for the lime loopers
You're hoping for a lot. It's a purpose built hardcore industrial monster. That thing will pretty much glow in the dark on sensors.
How to spell ness... necc... Nessecary? Even my auto correct is used to me spelling it wrong.
"Since mushroom stew costs 50k and your initial KC cap is 40k, I'd say no. The only way to increase the KC limit is through the TDM menu, and you're gonna want to buy some mushroom stew before too long."
"You do know that the timer resets for each battle, right?"
Me: That'll be 5 happy meals for my fat kid...
Honestly this reminds me of Stein's;Gate.
I think you could make a bot that randomly posts GAP/ON/BR (20-40%) sales every day here and chances are it'd be right.
She's speaking to the donor class and asks for understanding for the experiences of young people hurt by the recession. And we already knew she was the centrist and in turn the center is hopefully moving leftward. Everything she says here sounds reasonable to good to me.
John Lott: CDC 'Coding Error' Hid Record Low for Accidental Gun Deaths - Breitbart
Only thing - Forev is playing carry. Not offlane. Febby back to support. Velo is still on the playing squad so he'll be offlane.
"1. They got fucked by Riot (best of 2 format), so the have less games. 2. They can't afford the support staff because they don't have sponsors. 3. In my opinion the best of 1 group format also plays a big role, look at what a shitfest this whole worlds is so far with everyone beating everyone. EU actually looked pretty good in most of their games, they just don't know how to finish/they throw a lot."
Popular YouTuber DemolitionRanch joins the masterrace
By far the saddest event I've recieved
"Referencing something is not bad in any way. Most WoW players, myself included, found it funny."
"SNW and the engagement BIL Hey gang! I found time to write a bit so here it goes! Remember BIL is dating now SIL and he's now thinking of marrying her. We were sitting in the room at the il's house just us three. BIL is talking to DH about it. SIL has a dog that she's had for years. It was a gift to her by her father when he became very ill, near death. The reality hit him that life is short and he decided to start making good on some of his promises before he died. He always told SIL he would get her a dog, they were a military family, and he'd always say the next place we move I'll get it for you. So he got her this dog at that time and she loves her dog and he has sentimental value to her. Now, BIL has not yet met this dog because you know it's serious when you meet the dog. BIL sates to DH: Well the dog has to go. I have allergies and I can't be living with a dog. I know the dog has sentimental meaning for her because of her dad but my health is more important than a dog. She's waiting for me to meet the dog because she wants him to slowly warm up to me. This is stupid, it's just a dog... I don't see what the big deal is. I want to marry her but if we get married we'll already have to get an apartment and that costs money there (both of them at the time were living with their parents and would meet each other for dates and such). If we keep the dog then we have to pay extra money for pet rent and I'm not paying extra money for a dog!!! DH is just nodding his head and listening (he's pretty laid back and quiet always like this guess it's true opposites attract). I'm thinking how rude is this guy? He wants to marry her and is supposed to love her but can't have compassion for what she loves??? I know he's SNOT JR. For sure. Anyway he meets the dog and they get engaged. They have all these big events that I find my way out of because I can't stand being around them. They had a family celebration right after he proposed and a joint couple shower. SNW knows how creative and crafty I am, especially after my wonderful diy wedding decor, so she asks me to help her decorate for the rehearsal dinner. I reluctantly agree to help her. DH and I have been married over 3 years at this point. SNW has never made any efforts to call, text, smoke signal, or communicate with me in any way or form any relationship with me. Can't remember if I posted about this before but I did invite her to an event to be the bigger person, but she basically fought me even giving it to her. The event was based on a book and I wanted to buy her the book and put the tickets inside as a Christmas gift. She was like oh I don't want a book. And then proceeded to text DH about how she doesn't want whatever I'm trying to get her, that he knows the type of gifts she likes and to stick to that. I was so angry... I was raised knowing when people get you a gift you accept because the person thought about you and took their time to get it for you so be grateful! Guess not everyone learned that. I still invite her after my moms advise but said well I was trying to do this for you but since you didn't want it I'm asking you now would you like to go with me. Then she's like oh I would love to go I had no idea thats what it was, super nice in front of everyone. We went to the event and she straight up did not talk to me the whole time and went off in her own during the intermissions. Sorry for going off topic but you get the point. Now all of a sudden she's blowing me up about this wedding rehearsal. She texts several times a day and calls about her ideas and sends me pics. She's always like Hi how are you then goes for what she wants... I'm not fooled at all, she never cared how I was doing for over three years. She says Oh well SIL and I have been talking about the plans and blah blah blah. Basically trying to run in my face that she talks to SIL all the time and she's being involved in the planning. unlike with my wedding, but that's because she got mad at me for not doing what she wanted and did CBF the rest of the time I was planning. I tell DH about this sudden change of behavior and how much involved SNW is in this wedding as compared to ours. He suggests well maybe because she has a good relationship with SIL she realizes she needs to do better with you and this is her way of reaching out to you... I say maybe but I know its all fake..."
Here's what happens when Obama gives up his Twitter account
Bruh you fit rules 1 and 2 no homo
is there still a difference nowadays?
Monday night Drinking thread Brought to You by Infuriating capitalization Inconsistencies
"You win this round, Simpson"
New anime pictures
How baby is made.
Nope. Game is doo-doo.
except the 2012 lakers
"Live Discussion (October 1st, 2016) (Margot Robbie / The Weeknd) Welcome to the SNL season premiere live discussion thread! This week's host is Margot Robbie, and the musical guest is The Weeknd. A quick recommendation to mention the sketch you're referring to in your comment. It's not a hard and fast rule, but it does make the thread more readable after the show finishes. Since this thread is likely to fill up quickly, consider sorting the comments by ""new"" (instead of ""best"" or ""top"") to see the newest posts. Enjoy the show!"
A little self lovin can turn that 99 into a 100. Turn that frown upside down and beat it like it does you money!
I thought it was a Geo Prizm.
"For some reason I thought BOTH of those were Ryan. I was wrong, sorry y'all, I wasn't trying shit on Ryan, just pointing out how many things could go wrong in his care. But still, he isn't a safe driver was my point, and he doesn't make Bentley wear his seat belt."
"No, minimum $220 plus tax. You have to pay for a month of service."
How much Drake represents the personality of Canadians?
We're through the looking glass here people. BOR is echoing Obama on something.
Turn signals are in cars for a reason. Why do people not use them?
I could scare the crap out of my kids with that clicky noise the predator makes. Id love to be able to do it.
"I second that, but an equal fav was when he booed at the convention and they rushed his wife out."
"Lmao, ayaw nya sa US but gusto niya ng aid. HAHAHAHA drahgs pa more"
"Have you tried henna? completely different product altogether, and extremely low allergy rate."
Youtube just is getting glorious 21:9 on their theater mode
Congrats on casting the new live-action adaptation of A Pup Named Scooby-Doo.
We had the inverse of that this morning. Got woken up by an Amber Alert at 7:30 am.
What actions by a person tells you that he or she is a newbie in a job hobby etc?
I kinda hope Disney sell off some games rights to Sega so there can be a Total War: Star Wars.
BM/Wheels/Crates Keys/Crates Add me if you want to speed things up. Feel free to leave an offer but mostly interested in keys and C3s Parallax 12Keys 2C3s 1Key Dom GT 4Keys Purple Sunburst 4Keys Tact Pulsus 3keys White Sunburst 5Keys Pink Invaders 4 Keys Cobalt/Lime/Pink Alchemist 2Keys Each 7 for all 4
Duplicates? Can we get rid of them like in BO or do we keep getting the same crap? anybody know?
I see that you are right. He is a big old doggo obviously
"1,512,797"
Not wearing them means you have the brace on for longer.
MetaCanada wins. Fuck
I want that boat. I would only play NPR on low to medium volume
"Nevada is a good sign for the winner, fairly accurate to whoever wins, but not always. Az usually goes red, only being blue once on the past 65 years, even staying red during the '64 landslide."
How does Yui learn guitar so fast? She can barely breathe without Ui's help.
Not only did she look good...she was the FUNNIEST of all the roasters....
"The issue of this topic aside, if you are to buy a new PSTV, I suggest doing so soon. They're obviously all discontinued, and the price is steadily going up on the things. As long as it's New In-Box, they're all guaranteed to be under 3.60 since they were discontinued late last year."
"For shrine, should I spend my shards on Self Care or Decisive Strike? Neither are on my shrine atm, but I'm wondering which would be a better investment. To help me choose, my playstyle is lone-wolf, non-altruistic. Using Prestige 1, Level 24 Nea as main."
Not even double hearts? Weak.
"Yes. I mentioned this in a different comment, but yes. That's the whole problem. Lol"
Checkmate
Really? You haven't noticed that these leftist liberals swallow anything coming from Clinton's mouth? She literally could say anything rediculous and far fetched and they still will believe her. It's like a female Jim Jones running for president.
... you have fans that say that?
"(M)y 3 incher (be gentle, it's my first time)"
"Yes, but Hillary won't care as soon as she wins."
Dubai Zipline
"Yeah, that's probably why he doesn't have a car yet. At this point all he can afford is a chrome bicycle."
My Jewish GF and her 4 family members just got Red Pilled. 5 more votes!!!!!
He tripped getting in and tore both quads
"r/ph, how do you like your mocha?"
"RAIDERS FANS WISH THEY HAD VON MILLER. SO TRUE &amp;a RELATABLE!!! SO TRUE!!!! @RealSkipBayless: I keep waiting for Khalil Mack to create some havoc, make one play. Waiting ... and waiting ..."
Making a grown man cry over here!
I
Stop following me shillbot and upvote my post! You fuck.
"Big things happening in the Battle for Aleppo, lots of ground changing hands - September 24, 2016"
The amount of times I have thought that exact sentence is staggering
"""It's kind of hard to turn the page when you don't have all of your guns"" What?"
LF5M aksis part 1 hard mode post your info
Dude tranquilizers would be a damn game changer. Upvote. Doot
p/c check on 2007-08 bape tiger hoodies? seen alot of them on grailed for like 8.5-9 condition
But then you don't go to heaven.
All Flying Knee Finishes In UFC &amp; Pride History
That woman started talkin about sex out of the blue because she wanted to fuck.
"i'm not even modelling, it's growing a body on it's own"
"I agree that his imprisonment is self imposed on the basis that he doesn't want to be sent back to Sweden. However Sweden has done nothing to say that he wont be extradited to US once in Sweden, and in US he could face death penalty. I am not sure about Swedens extradition treaty with US, but there have been a few cases recently where you can be extradited to US for something that is not a crime in the country of extradition. The accusations against him are not wearing a condom, not sure there are actually any charges against him, death penalty surely a bit harsh for that."
"Im replying to his post, he actually asked for the time when he will get too ""uncool"" to read him .... Read it :) Dont be that guy :D"
White Christian Nationalists Rejoice At Trump Victory
"Did the same man expect hung over af at this house in the morning no couches so I just sat next to her feet and began massaging for a few seconds before realizing what I was doing and everyone was looking at me like what the actual fuck, pleased to say I don't get many invites to parties at HS anymore. May uni will be a new start please."
LOL they are like that old dude that shows up at the party and thinks they are still bang young girls.. Bernie Sanders.
"Thank you. Fixed. Travel noted, safe winds."
Browns Felt Wentz Couldn't Be Top 20 QB
"I don't follow. By your logic, we have already forgotten about the Civil War because no one is alive who actually lived it..."
When you're sitting pantless in your chair watching Scream wun tep hen1 and your parents call you down for dinner.
"no, you're is a pronoun"
Badumm-tzz
According to 17 federal intelligence agencies and 2 private security firms Russian hacking groups such as APT28 that have been linked to the Russian government were involved in the hack. I doubt anyone from the Russian government communicated directly with Wikileaks. That would be amateur hour. Even if they did Wikileaks protects its sources and wouldn't give them up anyway.
"Consider yourself lucky. In a town of 2500, I am the only vegan."
When Omnis like your dinner pics not realizing it's vegan
That's just time travel though
Why Shooter do not use the silencer ?
You think 2016 can't get any worse and then Wham!
"One positive note about this season/Chip Kelly The Niners are the least penalized team in the league by 9 penalties, currently. I remember tons of penalties under Harbaugh. Not that it's some huge deal, but it is something positive this season. Just trying to stay optimistic these days, fam."
what does the one above the circle say?
rama ult is global now and has 5 shots
Ik leerde op de kleuterschool al dat wie vraagt wordt overgeslagen....
my interview on rocket launcher
Impressive Ultron Cosplay for Avengers: Age of Ultron
"Yeah, I don't think I have ever noticed any chalk marks."
Do you not have humor receptacles? I was clearly poking fun at myself for misreading it. Go find something worthwhile to protest.
Funtime Triangle (3D Model)
"I dunno, doesnt make any sense to me really. If an advertizer wanted to relate/connect motorcycling with the image of ""freedom"" I wouldn't pick a dude standing on the seat of a sportbike... I'd say something more like a quick 7-8 second montage of a man at a cubicle getting yelled at in slow motion by his boss, stacks of papers all around him, cut to slow motion of him at home and his wife in an apron holding a newborn baby shaking her head in disaproval at him (slo-mo again of course) Cut to him standing in a downtown city at dusk in the rain hanging his head looking depressed, and as he looks over at a window, there's a motorcycle in the shop and it's a new bike- he's next to a dealership and the rain stops- last shot is a close up of him riding that new bike and smiling. Freedom. Or something like that.. But I guess thats just a motorcycle ad... Not sure how to attach a phone to it."
"Sir, we're closed... Tonight, at 10pm, my store closed. I cashed out my last customer. As I handed her the receipt, another guy walks in, past the automatic doors that were put on halfway open to accommodate my last customer. My shift lead is standing by the doors, keys in hand. ""Sir,"" my shift lead calls after him, ""it's 10 o clock, we are closed."" ""Oh, I know, I'll only be a sec!"" Guy keeps walking back towards the pet stuff. My shift lead lets my last customer out, and stands by the doors, and I can see she's fuming. Here comes Special Guy. ""See! I was only a second! Haha!"" Special Guy literally puffs out his chest with pride. I ring up his 15 big cans of dog food, and bag them in his gross smelling bag. I tell him his total, he pays, and he's watching both of us, and we are less than thrilled with him. ""Geez, ladies, lighten up! I was only a second!"" My shift lead shakes her head. ""Yes, but you're cutting into our closing ops, and yes, 5 minutes DOES make a difference."" She unlocks the doors to let him out, bidding him adieu. And his parting words to us? ""I was only a second though! Good night!"" Good lord, dude. We are open 14 hours; you had all damn day! Also, before my head gets bitten off, I'm aware some people work doubles or long shifts; I am one of them (my other job). But there is a grocery store open until midnight, and the mini mart open until 11pm that can see you through. Sorry, just...argh!!!!!"
I think the tories are going to deliberately push it over.
'White Lives Matter' Held Its First March In The UK Today.
To make predators think they're poisonous?
This would mean that Zoolander was actually a subversive warning :O
"Teddy Ruxpin, the iconic talking teddy bear from the 1980s, is back"
"'Remember, remember, the thirteenth of November' -dcpp4"
You're the only one
So the truth reported about a certain news network is not relevant?
What should you do every day?
Hit Anchorage and the population is now around 300k and scattered. They're basically done at that point.
"No, combat stats are fine. Its non combat stats that aren't affected apparently"
Pretty inconvenient if they landed anywhere pre-1980s
How do I set up 2x 3DS's for my kids?
Agreed. Emberesing community
Odd Gaming Announcements
are you using any mods?
"Who cares, it's basically free considering the price of the Xbox. Not to mention BF1."
"Looks like we can expect an oldschool FPS, since Chmielarz is known mostly for Bulletstorm and Painkiller."
"It should be a straight forward swap, only thing you might need to do is install the software with the gpu so then all the drivers are upto date. But other than that replacing a graphics card shouldnt cause any issue, it would tend to be more if you replace the mobo or hdd that you'd encounter issues."
Who knew that a Billionaire doesn't actually give a shit about the middle class
Anokuu descended from the heavens and saved them
"After Christmas Blowout Sale - Supreme Work Pants, Alltimers, 10Deep, Others &amp; many more sold below retail!"
I made a CPU ornament and thought you guys might enjoy it!
"If you were limited to playing only one class and no other, which would you enjoy the most?"
The parallels I draw from ISIS and Mormonism from this story are interesting
"It would depend on how technical you're being. A lot of so-called teas are not technically teas but because they are brewed the same way (boiling water and steeping) they are given the label. Coffee is not in this category because it is also roasted and ground, plus it's already a distinguished and very specific brew. A more broad term might be ""infused"" but I'm not sure whether there's a better one. Infused or steeped (hot) drinks would probably convey what you want."
So George soros
Because OP really wants their whiny opinion to be taken more seriously and respectably than it actually is.
I dropped her flowers and ran
dyslexia is a bicth
I honestly really hope that Sweetz is /not/ in fact hinting at Burial's future 'avant-garde` sound
"None of this matters if Trump wins Minnesota, Wisconsin and Michigan."
"""Agreed. I think what's the issue for me is that there are people out there theory-crafting this whole thing away, as if I don't have better things to do with my time but to make stuff up - and blatantly lie - for the hell of it."" - Derek Smart, re: 2.6 and Star Marine."
skippity bop
"Still, I say statistics would be more convincing than your anecdote."
You as everyone else are MISSING THE ENTIRE POINT. The point is we can make these decisions without the VIOLENCE that government bring to the table. The free market is responsible for **far** more safety equipment than government. Cheers!
"You are on the internet, you can watch everything somewhere."
PRAISE KEK
What's your favourite way to mess with people's heads online?
How vaguely can you describe your life?
What do you want in a partner?
"People who spray shit all over the walls and ceilings in bathroom stalls, what's your secret?"
It's amazing how similar the Ravens are to the Steelers even when they have both radically altered their strategies. Although the Ravens have put a little more effort into defense the past few years than Pittsburgh it still comes down to the same problem of over-reliance on the offense.
Good. It handles all the same commands anyway. Why keep cmd around?
NYC Visit Going to visit the big city soon and what to know what coffee shops I need to visit!
"A quick google search on the ""legal-highs"" thing seems to me that it targets notoriously dangerous fake-drugs that have lead to many deaths - and that they did not criminalize possession of it, only distribution/creation. Seems like the right move to me if that's accurate. I just never agree with punishing the user. Jail and/or fines is not how you help an addict, if anything you just throw their life into an even worse position."
"As far as I know, someone's reddit history doesn't account for their entire life's interests"
Please use complete sentences. I don't know what you're trying to say.
"I've got some small fresh Manzanita branches. Is there any way I can quickly cure them for aquarium use? My understanding is that you don't want to put green branches into an aquarium. I've got a couple small tanks (5.5g, 2.5g) that I'd like to put these in, but only if I don't have to leave them outside for year(s) first. The branches are small, the biggest one has a maximum diameter of 0.75 inches, but they're mostly closer to 0.25-0.5 inches. The outer black bark is gone, but the inner red bark is still on them. Here's my questions: 1) Is there any way I can quickly dry them out in an oven or something? Would they be safe to boil and use at that point? 2) Usually the things I've read say that the bark needs to be removed or it'll slowly peel off. As long as it were to not peel off in tiny pieces, and as long as it were safe, I wouldn't mind that. I don't have a sandblaster to remove bark with either. Is it out of the question to leave the bark on? (ie is it super obnoxious or toxic?) Thanks guys!"
Good Guy Cashier
No I am DEFINITELY getting Trans however my question is why does it NEED to be built first? I was thinking about building it 2-3
Smurfity smurf
I've had the same free god rotation for the past 2 weeks
"Actually, the Cupertino Chargers has a nice ring!"
Jumping out of a tree onto an old blanket
Reynad Mic Malfunction
"Show me where I was being homophobic. ""Faggot"" is just a harmless term. You're just being sensitive, am I right?"
"Nah, he's way too pissed-off and squirrelly for that."
FWD I sent them all away
Modi: From Nov 8 to abolish 500 and 1000 Rupee notes.
"I had a gym teacher in HS who have the class do leg lifts during calisthenics and he'd walk up and down the row looking up girls shorts. But if you thought that was pervy... I had a friend who was a girl (but not a girlfriend) who said her gym teacher would make you open your towel up and show her that you showered after class. If she didn't think you showered well enough, she'd take your towel and send you back to the showers with a pat on the butt where she'd watch."
"Calling a top 5 seed? I asked if we could EXPECT the three teams to be in the top half of the EC. I wanted everyone else's input as to why or why not we would see the teams in the playoffs. Not once did I call a top seed, not once did I predict for it."
"Not a nerf, but there is the thing about selecting targets. Once the target goes down, it's like they hiccup and then move to the next target. This is especially noticeable in knife because of how many gobs have to be recalculated. THe whole pack stops."
Annoying players are hurting themselves
That shows your poor knowledge about this scandal.
Christian propaganda
this is reality
Seriously all youtubers should combine to give nova a taste of there own medicine
TIL Dubai and Abu Dubai are not the same place
Nigeria :)
"I have been following the competitive scene for 6years ,here are what I think godsent can do to become a top team again -znajder +Olof Hiring that devilwalk guy as their coach seems like a good idea as well"
PTR bugs and Corpse physics
You'd have to shuffle Hightower out to make that trade work.
"I just worry (a little bit) about taking Hanley out of the infield. I was under the impression that his improvement this year was in part due to him coming in from the outfield and feeling ""more like a part of the team."" Could sending him to DH undo any of that?"
you have about 4-5% of the population that are nudists in the US already :P. I think with better laws we would be closer to the European percent at 10-20%
DJ S3BAMAN - A Tribute to Photographer (Producer Mix)
"A nice, public reminder that we don't live in a fascist regime."
This week at Church: Build a Wall
You have one wish. But it'll only come true if it was never wished by anyone before. What would it be?
"Exactly 3 years ago, Shroud got an overwatch ban"
"Thank you Putin, for showing the level-headed responsibility and care that should be demonstrated from someone in your position, unlike the disgraceful Obama who attempts to provoke us all into unecessary war. The world thanks you. I'm very proud of Russia, a nation that now stands as the true leader of the free world."
"No, you dumb cunt. If you can see from a few hundred metres down the road that nobody is there, then there is no need to drive slower than 60 fucking kph."
Sprained wrist from a fall happened almost two weeks ago
"MOTD Idea: Dogfight Anubis, Erlang Shen, Fenrir, and Kaldr only. Reduced cooldowns or infinite mana or something for the lulz."
"@Senator_Assange: ""it's odd how women ""choose"" to wear a bag over their heads but are ""forced"" to wear make-up by the Patriarchy."""
Tennis player says something ambiguous and immediately regrets it
The Liberal Democrats will fight Brexit. Labour is not doing its job | Tim Farron
"Bowl recommendations I do know about the wiki, but I'm looking for something fairly specific. I want a bowl that holds less than 20 grams with a fairly average pack, and doesn't ghost flavors (which sadly disqualifies basically every stone/clay bowl). I would absolutely love the Onyx bowl but as we all know it's constantly out of stock. Anything else that fits that criteria? Seems like every bowl is 25-30g these days. :("
"Sleepy Hollow. The first season was so good. The second one just started going downhill and accelerated fast, culminating in one of the stupidest plot decisions I've seen a TV show make in recent memory."
"All on recorders and kazoos, though"
Only if made in America. Even the Russian ones have to be.
"Is the university going overboard with their political stuff? Even as great as it is that students care about politics, when I read the IDS, see the events the University sponsors around campus, or look at the stuff the CommUnity Education Program puts around dorms, it feels like they're pushing an agenda on us. Some of the stuff, from all three of those, isn't simply progressive, but extreme leftist material. Given that this is a public school, it really doesn't feel right."
I think this Star Wars comic belongs here
Apple paid the taxes that Ireland required.
How far would you drivel to save $500 for a rebuilt car engine?
"American drivers of Reddit who adamantly drive in the left/passing lane only, why don't you move over into the traveling lane?"
"I don't have an account, I just lurk."
Yes how dare we hurt him so badly
What ruins a pizza for you?
"He'll probably give her a prominent position in his administration :P Jokes aside, if he doesn't go after her, the pitchforks will turn on him instead. At this point I don't think anyone can contain the anger of the people much longer. If he doesn't drain the swamp, we'll have to do it ourselves and throw him out with the rest of the trash."
I was hoping this was fake news.
It's almost funny how our 'leaders' want and expect us to be angry at people who expose their dirty dealings to us. It defies all logic.
What I find strange about this poll is that Clinton leads with those who have a college degree. But she doesn't poll strong with anyone who makes more thsn $35k. I suspect a large number of the college grads they are polling are recent grads who can't get a job.
Live SmackDown Live Discussion Thread - November 15th 2016 Welcome to the live thread! This'll be more fleshed out sometime between 5 and 6pm PST :P
Will Australia Post be open tomorrow? Going away for a couple of days tomorrow and I have a package to pick it up but couldnt for the past 3 days.
South Korea opposition introduces bill to impeach scandal-tainted Park
"Unspoken rules of the market board? So, i was crafting some barding today, super excited that I got my first crafter to 60, and the parts were super cheap... so I made quite a few to sell. So looking at the mb they were going for about 400k. I put mine up for 300k to make a quick buck and still make a sizable profit, then some guy pms me after about an hour saying that im ""destroying the barding economy!"" So it got me thinking, are there any unspoken rules about the market board i should be aware of? Or was this guy just butt hurt that I undercut him?"
Every scene of gunda
Get better soon DJ Zbad. Sorry you gots to get injured against us :(
I'm getting the feeling these are circus performers.
"Burning, Poisoned, Starving, Parched, Bleeding, Freezing, Over Heating... ark is stupid. its a 'dont die as fast' simulator, with zero style, no flavor, no abilities, no upgrades worth getting and boring poorly optimized everything."
"Huma Abedin's sister tells supporters on FB to call the DoJ to audit the vote. Today Clinton team met about this and now Jill Stein is raising money to file for recount in WI,MI and PA. Hillary is behind this 100%! You also saw Hillary staging pictures of her going outside to walk her dog or to the bookstore. Michigan has still not been called. Maybe I am just crazy but it looks like Hillary has not given up yet behind the scenes."
"Nice set man, pretty funny."
A lot of the world's problems could be remedied if everyone lived in another country for a year.
"Justin Timberlake's 'I'm loving it' will always remind me of McDonald's. I'm not a fan of the song in the first place, but McDonald's pretty much hijacked it and made it their own. I don't even think he sings it anymore and I seem to remember that they stopped playing it on the radio after a very short time of it being released."
Arcade Machine Texturing and Modeling Test
"Daniel Passarella on Messi: ""He should not captain Argentina. I admire Messi, but I think his personality and his way of being is withdrawn and timid.They already have a great leader - Ramiro Funes Mori. He should be captain."""
Those are blue pills though
What if he had changed his tone?
Does anyone know of a repository for historical correspondence? I'm looking for something with a lot of content.
Doesn't Galio hard counter Ryze?
"I like the one with ""Any way you want it"" because that's a good song and the black girl is fine af."
I saw a paper airplane fly across the screen. Not sure if it made it to the field but you know that's where they wanted it to go
You.... you stop that. You stop that right now. Melee build and plasmids is the most fun ever.
"Huh. That's not that much actually. It would suck, but I definitely think I could eat 200 apple seeds in a sitting."
"""Hey you wanna get highhh"""
This About Sums Up The Long Island Show
"Beating the Democrats at their own game, love it!"
Watermelon Death Star carved by my dad!
"Wait, but, how does it not show that you accessed the front page of the Reddit? Did you go through a link sent to you for this post?"
"Ele main, never switched Tempest off since I unlocked it."
Why does Trump even have a Star? I had no idea.
If it's Danney DNA I will eat nothing but chicken tendies until election day
I remember 2011 all too well. I'm not going to think that again.
"""Gingrich, Giuliani, Priebus Eyed for Top Jobs in Trump White House: Sources"" &lt;---- If you weren't scared already, YOU BETTER VOTE"
"You'll give him ""credit,"" lol... I think the place that it's ""due"" is his bank account... You can accomplish amazing things when you inherit millions of dollars."
"Has Persona 5 made anyone change their way of thinking? I mean, I know it's a game and all, but Atlus specifically focuses on the making the Persona games leave an impact on the player. I, for one, can say that after a full 120+ hour playthrough of the game, I feel a lot different than when I first loaded up the game. The game really made me realize how much people will want to take advantage of you and use you any chance they get, but that by believing in yourself and in those you trust you can reject what is thought of as ""normal"" or ""right"" and do what you believe in. Even though some may think that what you do is abnormal or unusual, what matters the most is that you have confidence in yourself and in what you are doing. I've really gained a lot of self-confidence after playing this amazing game as well as become more aware of the things I feel are wrong in society around me. I know it's rather unusual, but does anyone else feel a similar way?"
What's AHH?
Which college would that be? They teach you soldering in first semester in B Tech.
"Those ""cuts"" in the video are annoying af!"
Huh?
We've made our way on to r/whiteknighting
People standing near a truck leaking gasoline.
"Electrical Engineering: ""What exactly do you do?"""
"TIL a drug testing expert was high on cocaine almost every day she went to work, calling into question some 30,000 criminal drug cases she processed over the course of eight years."
Don't think the jags understand change when they go 5-11 every year.
"i used to, for the nicotine. nicotine is awesome. cigarettes are awful. so now i vape. i mix my own 50mg or so unflavored juice and i'm in nicotine heaven."
"""Jesus Christ! Stop getting Scarlet Witch drunk!!"" Cap yells from across the room. Jesus looks up, ""what are you talking about, man, it's only water."" ""Only water, my ass!"" Cap retorts, ""and where the fuck did the 10,000 fish in my room come from?! The smell is never gonna come out of my suit!"" ""You're harshing my vibes, man."" Jesus looked unphased. ""Don't make me call my dad. He said I could be anything I wanted and I wanted to be an Avenger. You can't change that."" Cap grumbled to himself. ""Fine, Jesus, you lead the Avengers. I quit."" He dials a quick number on his phone, ""Hey, Bruce? Yeah, it's, uh, Cap. Uh huh. Yeah. Well, I know you have a super team too so I was wondering if maybe . . . What's that? Oh. Well, um, you just let me know."" ""Everything ok dude?"" Jesus asks. ""Yeah, well, it looks like Tony got to Bruce before I did. Luckily I have an in with the NYPD."" *two weeks later* Jesus is bringing a perp into the station when he sees a familiar man mopping blood off the floor. ""Cap?"" The man doesn't look up and Jesus goes on his way. ""Bastard walked right where I just mopped, what a piece of shit."""
*Wanna go out sometime?*
Kung Fu Trucker gets his Revenge on Phone thief
But what about 7?! I MUST KNOW!
"Every Single Active NBA Player Ranked (November 3, 2016). Will Be Updated Weekly"
"I've looked it up, and the correct spelling is 'Pascal Cygan'."
"So was Hastert. Oh, wait..."
"People regularly ask why it takes so many cops to arrest a person. Thing is, to restrain somebody safely, to minimise the risk of them twisting and breaking something, it takes a few people. It takes numbers to prevent idiots trying to get in on the incident despite having no involvement. Professional agitators, nosy people, ""pranksters"" trying to get involved on film for youtube hits and those that just hate the police, looking to take advantage of a situation whether that be to give a few kicks or put the windows through of the police vehicle. source: cop."
North Carolina will give you a smoked pork BBQ sandwich and the keys to a V8.
"What happened to the community? :'( Hey everyone! I just decided to start playing this game again after other things (life, other games) took over. I was really excited because I remembered the community around the launch of Early Access to be nice, communicative, and overall helpful. The game felt fun. I used to play a lot of MOBAs, and this was a breath of fresh air. In the four games today (Christmas, of all days) I've had three teammates tell me that I'm ""absolute shit"" and to go ""kill myself"". What happened to this community? It feels like a MOBA community (not quite as bad as LoL, but it's starting to have a familiar feel to me) more than it used to feel just like a bunch of people trying to compete yet still enjoying the competition, even if someone is having a bad game. It makes me hesitant to keep at it, and I was excited about getting back into it. :'("
"Week 7 Positivity Thread Welcome to the weekly Positivity Thread, the thread where the rules are made up and the points don't matter. What's been going well for your team recently? What are you excited or hopeful for in upcoming weeks? This thread is a place for any and all positive thoughts regarding your team or the NFL in general. All good vibes are welcome."
"What's the plan for the weekend, folks? I'm always interested in what other grownup humans do on their Saturdays and Sundays. Tonight is shabbos dinner with the family (beloved wife is making cold spring rolls, the perfect treat in this maddening heat). Tomorrow is Farmers Market for most of the day and probably old timey music playing with friends at night, Sunday is take the skating girl child to roller derby and all hands on deck clean the hell out of the house in the afternoon. Probably mow the goddamn lawn too. Maybe let my you gest kid try to train me up a little in Fallout4. How do you spend your weekends?"
"Patrick kane review buying a base card kaner, biggest pros and cons for his play style?"
We've got very big problems ahead. Russia's new super nuke can wipe us out. Prepare for whats to come.
But that could happen just the same with a standard pot because they are held to the same safety standards...
"I'm a fan of Achievement Hunters, and they released a fucking 2 hours and 45 minutes video of them playing Uno. And I'm watching it for the second time right now. What is my life. Also, PRT in Morgantown had what is probably it's first accident due to two cars colliding ever. In 40+ years of service."
Conservatives hate our freedoms more than the terrorists do. And conservatives are100X more effective at stamping out our freedom and propagating fear than the terrorists could ever dream of.
Let the trade wars begin! American's will love paying more for most retail goods!
Wow man you are so epic and random! I'm 14 and this is funny
You missed the point.
She doesnt watch porn
I just want you to know... I appreciate you.
"That's your own hangup. Luckily, Riot caters to anyone with money and the time to play their game."
Yeah how terrible to be in a small dark place with an attractive member of the opposite sex. Phew never sign me up for that one
Daughter waking up every hour My daughter wake up every hour after 2:30.. she eats quick then goes back to sleep. How can I fix this and what's causing it?
"omg feminists are the most opressed, pls haaaelp"
Have you ever seen Sears catalogs from the 80s? Those fuckers are basically phone book sized
Should I see Agent Carter S2? It's probably the only thing in the MCU I haven't seen. I saw the first season and liked it. Should I bother with this one?
This incessant comparing of Trump to Hitler is pure liberalism and has got to stop. It's an insult to the millions that suffered and died under actual fascism.
"The military pay office lost my payroll for 6 months. Thats right, 6 months. No one could find my payroll,so I just wasn't paid. I had to get a part time job as a security guard to live."
Tulowitzki vs. Andrew Miller (one of the best at-bats of the 2015 season)
Wccftech blows EVGA issues out of proportion - shares video of a VRM exploding when GPU is not connected to the PSU
"Irrelevant. You asked ""could"". I used an example to show that anything (within physical possibilities) can be used as a pillow"
"Nov 24th I work 3rd 9pm-7am? I'd assume because of black friday, but will I even be stocking? How does that hour make a difference lol instead of my 10pm-7am I recently had something called Linerusher added to my MC40 too"
Yeah. Especially caused an issue since it's technically a hazmat spill.
"I like this line of thinking, but how does he profit?"
I DONT HAVE TO LET YOU IF I DONT WANT TO
What piece of old technology do you wish you had?
"You don't need to ""chase"" big girls if ya get what I mean"
One of my friends text messages keeps sending double texts as seen in picture. Has this happen to anyone's LG V20? Anyone have any ideas how to fix it let me know. Thanks
N
"IMO Juno was the best pull here, she's an amazing nat5! Check AD on guardian level"
The EU should never have existed. I am really glad that it will no longer exist in the next 10 years.
Kyle was grounded that night.
COLDZERA wins best eSports player of the year!
"pistol, not grenade. But now I wonder what happens if you do execution with grenade."
Dad found kids bong while he was away at college.
"There is one MOM site that lists a bunch of rules, and if you violate any of those rules they will refuse to do business with you. Some of them include contacting CP, emailing the MOM more than once for info and even a rule where they won't do business with you if your email or user name is cannabis related. Funny thing this MOM has been around for almost ten years and they have never had a problem. More MOM's need to adopt this attitude when dealing with customers, there are too many people who have no clue how to do business in a hush hush way and they are the idiots who are risking this system for those of us who do things quietly and correctly."
Lockheed Martin shares drop after Trump says F-35 program too expensive
BREAKING: COMEY RECOMMENDS NO ACTION ON THE NEW EMAILS
It's impressive. I don't understand how his aggressive mediocrity has been tolerated for so long. Washington is a good school with a history of quality sports teams. Why should they have to settle for Romar?
"Not really. I don't kick people for using DLC unlockers. As long as they're not cheating, what do I care? It's not harming my gameplay for them to use weapons and perks and masks."
"Next expansion, new legendary ""Yuge"", battlecry: your opponent has 2 less mana next turn, deathrattle: add a random Murloc to your hand (he's not against the Murlocs, he has a good friend who happens to be a Murloc)"
"Here, kitty kitty"
"Ballot measures would legalize pot, end death penalty, create single-payer health care"
"Man, remember when the Civil War was taught as a tragedy of brother vs brother? Pepperidge Farm remembers."
"If you just heard a gun shot real close to your house in the middle of the afternoon, what would be your first thought?"
"The year is about to end, which manga would you like to get an anime in 2017? **What the title says.** [](#mug5)"
"Reddit, what shall we do with the drunken sailor?"
Brad Pitt's wife's head.
"Except for the quit button disappearing when you want to leave the lobby, ironically."
"Netanyahu doesn't speak for all of Israel, despite his pretenses to. Or even all of the Jews."
Why did SA have to kill the Wololo meme
I'll give all that stuff back to one of your toons and switch mine get stuff again and rss to your toon
The build seems right. With those specs you would be looking at maxing out almost all games on 1080p. What country do you live in/
And even a prominent democrat defended him.
Yet another zombie defense
"Why not? I thought the first winner was perfectly legitimate. There is no rule that people have to be in combat if there were no one would complain. I see no problem with it at all, he was smart enough to find a way to be the last person alive, which jagex has stated many times is the objective."
Trump up six points in Utah!! THE CUCKS TOLD ME UTAH REPUBLICANS WERE REVOLTING
Premium Elite?
Cat.
"Its not politically correct to say, and im sure there are groups who will outright deny it and call me racist, but i believe we are looking an humans of 50, 000 years ago. Peoples of these regions just carried on in the same way for thousands of years."
they might as well have been released then
"Redditors who have met a previous crush years later, how did it turn out?"
Is it any good? It's been on my wish list for the longest time and haven't made the leap to buy it.
That's what you think.
I can see you are trying as hard as you can AND it's not meeting my requirements.
Valve has been shitposting with updates for a while. See: the clusterfuck that is Casual and the update that introduced it.
"NY Times: ""A jet-lagged Mrs. Clinton once emailed Ms. Abedin at 12:21 a.m. to take her up on an offer to come over to Mrs. Clinton's house for a chat. 'Just knock on the door to the bedroom if it's closed,' she wrote."""
I'm with NYJ on this one. Totally owned you. What does it feel like because its never happened to me?
I live in the middle of nowhere and I wouldn't have difficulty finding diesel.
I refuse to accept the outcome of this WC if a Western Team doesn't win.
F
What is something that people complain about that makes you roll your eyes?
"Lebron James becomes the FIRST ever player in NBA history to achieve totals of 27,000 points, 7,000 rebounds and 7,000 assists! #TheUltimateLeBron"
"Thanks, can you take a look on desktop pc too?"
What is healthy but actually tastes good?
"My roommate would routinely take out the bateries in the smoke detector because it always went off when we cooked bacon. After the third time I saw him do it, I told him not to do that shit ever again and to just turn the fan on over the stove and shut the kitchen door. He pissed an moaned like crazy. About 2 months later he had a candle burning in his room with the window open. The wind blew a sombrero off the wall and onto the candle. It caught some clothing and part of the bed and the room started to go. It triggered the smoke alarm and I was able to get to it with an extinguisher before the room was fully involved. If that had happened and we didn't have batteries in that smoke alarm, the entire building would have been a loss. The best part? He was pissed at me for getting ""fire extinguisher dust"" all over his room. Ironically, he was kicked out because he caused flood damage a few months later."
omw
Does Trump Tower have a helipad? He could just fly off and not mess up traffic for everyone.
I love that ult so much. You've convinced me to go back and try him out more!
What you'll need is an electric vehicle and a rocket to get it there. I suggest you talk to Elon Musk.
Very thoughtful post. Thank you Queef Pudding.
A Moment in Crime just reached 100%
Get free tours?
PEAKE
I remember doing this with fruit rollups' and warheads just sucking on the rollup until I got that sour juice.
Most of the problems that happen between two people is because one of them is a fucking idiot.
"Time will tell. Kind of presumptuous with all the fear mongering going on about it now. We were told the same thing with Bush. The UK will implode after Brexit. Etc, etc. Let's see what happens. Guarantee it's not going to be drastically different than it already is, I'll be able to say 'told you so', and you'll continue with the rhetoric. Has Canada changed from Harper to Trudeau? Nope. Did the US change from Bush to Obama? (shit, it was even the guys slogan) Nopeee. All different names for the same thing man. Take a chill pill and watch what happens. More of the same."
"**For those who got cut off, if you have verizon you might be able to watch on nfl mobile**"
"... mikrotik ? Maybe arista, I'm not familiar with their productline. Yeah there is nothing except fiber stuff that Juniper would gain from it, I guess VCS is pretty nice but that's about it"
Mc Cree or Genji golden weapon ? What's YOUR personal preference and which of the two do you think is the hardest to play at a high level?
"Get up on the wrong side of bed this morning? I disagree with quota hiring because every hire should be made on the basis of merit at the time of appointment. So yes, it may be that quotas do lead to some women being hired to positions for which they are not the best-qualified candidate. But even that is just supposition. And it doesn't mean there are no talented women (really?); just that by-and-large women and men tend to have slightly different talents and inclinations. What we need is equality of opportunity, and a willingness not to stereotype on the basis of aggregate behaviours, rather than equality of outcome. By far my best ever boss was a woman: calm, collected, fair, highly-competent, and treated everyone with respect. There are lots of good, intelligent women out there doing good work. And women are not the enemy. We'll just end up as warped and bitter as feminists if we go down that path."
Report: Trump pressed Argentina's president about stalled building project on phone call
People that makes these are a bit retarded. The standard of living in America is one of the highest. Even our poor live better lives than most of the third world rich. No one is going to riot or stage huge protests as long as they have food and can take care of their family. It's not hard to protest when your already unemployment and you have nothing else to loose.
"BREAKING: Trump outfoxes CNN and gets veterans free airtime. CNN rages and claims they ""got played."" BTFO LMFAO"
"See Glenn Beck's show. Basically pivoted towards a ""Trumps going to ruin the world, buy gold."""
get supreme ones pleb
"In that PvP covenant, you rank up by getting points. A win in the arena gains you one point, while a loss makes you lose a point. When you rank up in the covenant, you gain that aura; the aura grows as you climb ranks. For reference, rank one requires 50 points, two requires 150 points, while three requires 500 points."
Do you Agree that this version is The BEST Version of x6 MR.O Phil Heath ?
Odyssey Collection Bonuses are Exclusive. Only the Anubis T5 reward is limited.
"Eugenics seems to have some support on Reddit, but anywhere else... I don't particularly see anyone outside of Reddit supporting it."
"by the way do you know in how many hours the announcement is supposed to be held? ( easier than converting the time ). also, sorry for double posting."
Literally unplayable
Favorite Host?
"Dog smoked a blunt dipped in codeine, the cat mainlined Fentanyl straight into his nut sack."
I think the way the hips are shaped it makes it easier to slide yourself legs first but not slide back out the same way.
"Daniel Bryan calls out Mick Foley's hypocrisy, mentions TNA"
"If you could vote for one redditor to represent Reddit, who would you vote for and why?"
I think he looks depressed.
America rewards white people for the most basic things
"It's true. We call this place [redacted] now, because we were accused of brigading. It was the only option to avoid being silenced."
ESPN Standard Eifert vs NYG or Pitta vs CLE
Trump campaign manager: 'Are you calling him a liar?'
Courage the Cowardly Dog was disturbing at times
He's fried from all the drugs he's done
Front page post with 2000 comments and is 10 hours old. Redditors IRL.
Which anime character as grown as a person in a way that YOU need to grow as well?
"Smile for me once more, Will you? Go on and live, dance, rejoice, for whether you knew me or not, it is impolite to reject such an offer, especially from a man who can no longer do so."
My red hat finally came. Do I dare wear it outside in California???
**A DOVAHKIN'S FANTASY**
What the fuck happened to material design?
"In honor of AI's induction, here is him and Korver doing work against the Spurs. Check out 2:50 for a nifty circus shot from Korver and 5:58 for a post-up!"
"What if you could pick a deck for the innkeeper? I've often created fun and interesting decks for non-competitive play. I like to try strange decks just to see if I can get them to work. I think it's fun and it's one of the ways I have found to alleviate frustration when grinding ladder. A problem, though, is that I'll make a funky pirate shaman deck or a rogue deck with only two minions, etc. and want to just dick around and have fun with it. I'll go into casual and lose to aggro shaman or control Mage enough times that I feel like I should be playing a ranked deck to have a little more fun, and I'm back to grinding ladder. This brings me to my point. You can choose the class you play against in practice mode, letting you see how your deck fares in certain match ups. I think it would be fun and innovating to be able to choose a deck for the innkeeper to play against you. This could have practical benefits (like a mirror match to test out changes in a ranked deck) or it could be really fun (giving the innkeeper a golden Milhouse Manastorm). It could even be used to mess with deck interplay (thief rogue against a stacked deck). What do you guys think?"
"No, that is completely wrong: the American people have a right to know if their president has conflicts, has paid taxes, has given to charity. We have an absolute right to know, and to not demand it is to leave yourself open for corruption: why do you think it became tradition to release your tax returns in the first place?"
Yes it's my responsibility to vote. But it's not my responsibility to reward a candidate who feels they're entitled to my vote.
"I listened to him for the first time today because of all this. Can't say it's my thing, but I found his stuff interesting (especially that 'Wolves' song or whatever it was. It sounded pretty personal, considering the little I knew of him before)."
So only liberals traffic kids huh? LOL!
"Huma feigns ignorance, deflects blame to her Weiner"
I'm hoping they play him kind of like Nuge in his rookie year. Sheltered minutes and extra powerplay time to get his confidence up. Of course nuge produced very well on the powerplay which earned him the right to stay there.
"There's a very cute girl who gets the same bus as me that I want to talk to, but as I'm short and overweight, she'd probably just call me a creep if I said anything to her. But apart from that I am in the process of losing weight (60 pounds lost being the goal), 20 pounds lost so far. I do it primarily through calorie counting. It can be a bit tough but so far so good."
He's talking about Silicon Valley.
"'Serial,' 'Lore,' 'Still Processing,' and More: The Atlantic's 50 Best Podcasts of 2016"
That person has told me before that they are Australian and not a white supremacist. Who knows if that's true.
Nothing is better.
"Every time I've seen a random price like that it's been a fake ad. Ought that they added the bit about the ladder rack and work bins, though. That doesn't fit the typical fake ad formula."
"Most likely it was put there, to stir up hatred, and increase the catoliana nationalist theme. As they are seeking independence. While using the reason ""to start a conversion"" wich really is just bullshit."
Running out of TP.
Yahoo is one of those pathetic tech companies that haven't been affecting my life in any way for at least 10 years
Do you think IB/AP classes are truly worth it? Why or why not?
Psycho cat lady assaults boyfriend for not paying attention to her
Is that a hat in TF2?
Council got good news on the budget today (goes over Seattle economy)
"Nanoboosted, fully charged Zarya is insane. (My first Sextuple kill!)"
what YOU think and what's real are 2 entirely different things.
"""Did Hillary Clinton break the law?"" Chaffetz asked. ""In connection with her use of the email server? My judgment is that she did not,"" Comey said."
yea tarik asked his chat yesterday if he could sue pewdiepie because he didnt have permission to put his face on the video but idk if he his joking or not lol
Florida man walks out of his house with a semi-automatic rifle and a four-pack of beer and begins shooting at passing cars
The overlooked bonus of the Special Olympics in Rio.
I'm hosting a victory party on Tuesday night. Looking for good ideas of themed foods to serve. So far we've got: * Rock candy (broken glass ceiling) * Spinach and art-of-the-choke dip * basket of dip-lorables (chips) * America (the beer formerly known as Budweiser) * Good beer (because Budweiser sucks) Other ideas? Swing state foods? Brownies for Colorado? Soft pretzels for PA?
"I was worried about my usage of heart emojis too, but I scrolled down and these comments are comforting me."
What would it take to get Onward to look like this??!
I forgot how fantastic this video is.
That's actually kind of neat. Must be annoying to maintain though.
Which character had the worst hairstyle?
"you should be aware of the heavy factionalism in the left. There are lot of different schools of thought, some of them really don't like each other."
Jesus Christ what's it going to take until we put a stop to it
That will never be determined because the inquiry is not going to look at reserves.
LIVE: 2nd Presidential Debate from Washington University in St. Louis
"That requires holding players accountable. Gus Bradley doesn't do that. He started Chris Clemons last year for all 16 games, despite the fact that he: - Missed OTAs and showed up late to training camp - Practiced once a week - Was garbage on the field - Called our beat reporter a racist Other players are going to start coming out. This is only the beginning of a dumpster fire unfolding right before our very eyes."
"Seems something happened to Clevinger, he was scheduled to speak at 5"
"there were cucks against bush in 2000 and 2004 (i don't like bush, btw). they threw eggs at bush's limo in 2004 i think. relax all of you people and just trust the USSS and these bikers to keep the peace there"
"Burried in a grave filled with chinese money and hunnies, next to Dade."
When No Game No Life S2 comes out
"To be fair, anyone you have to nag for a rent payment should find somewhere else to live."
"I have tested bringing this third spell into the mix, however I would personally not recommend it. There is specific timing required for the spin flax spell, and adding another strange timing factor into it does increase xp/hr, but only by about ~6% and decreases the already lowish profit you make from spin flax + tan leather method."
glad i left that shit hole
Did i say only?
What was the other one?
I hope they scrap Murphy after this season though. He serves no real purpose after Escobar. Would have been better if Carillo was around as one of the main protagonists to take on the Cali Cartel.
"I just wish they added it as a part of FNM rather than a separate day. I have enough trouble getting out for one night of magic a week. Also, what times do your guys' stores do the event? Because my store thought it was a decent idea at 2pm..."
yeah that guy won't recover for a while...
"I saw it described once that ""boys are for fun, women are for babies."" You can also s/boys/goats/ and it's probably still true."
What are you guys talking a boat?
being forced to watch a hitlery speech is cruel and unusual punishment. time to lawyer up.
He doesn't think you can roast him.
"It's also a neighborhood in San Diego, and a beach in San Francisco."
"yep, yak9ut also has 3 loadouts for guns. 2x20 and 23, 2x20 and 37, 2x20 and 45. or was it the yak9p?"
"To be honest, I don't know. But I do know the Director of the FBI should know how."
"For 3 Years I've Been Playing On A Laptop - What Have I Missed Today was a good day. I've been playing solely PC for 3 years, running integrated graphics and an I3. It overheats, runs CS at less than 60 frames. Let's just say, I've missed a lot when it comes to gaming. Now I've Ascended - a beautiful machine with an I7 and 1080 - what have I missed? What games have beautiful graphics? What story have I not played because my computer couldn't handle it? **Psst - I'm asking for you to recommend games!**"
Who got what from the steam sale? I'll start: * Doom * Witcher 3 * Xcom 2 * Shadow of Mordor * Mortal Kombat x * Portal 2 * Divinity Org Sin * Shadowrun Returns * FTL I recon I'm set for a while. Trouble is I've started with FTL and I'm hooked!
"Can we have a ""Sorry"" in the context menu or a hotkey? I often do mistakes and I want to apologise to my team for when I do something dumb. Please Blizzard, this is my one request!"
"It doesn't bother me actually. Its a non-issue for consumers, but still weird that they chose to market it. Wonder why."
"The shuttle orbiter is 37 meters long, so the spaceX Mars vehicle is about three times as long and many more times as massive"
System requirements always tend to be estimates.
"for sure, will be replacing [[drift of phantasms]] in my lazav, it only ever searches up swords."
This doesn't make sense for multi-player games. Their network protocol or local simulation may work differently for each version
"You have no idea what you are going to get? Good for you! Not many people can admit that they don't know the answers to questions they have. Take a hard look at what your needs and wants are. Those needs and wants should guide you to your next vehicle, which VW is conveniently handing you a remarkable opportunity to get. Your own needs and wants will differ from other people's wants and needs, so the better you can articulate what your needs and wants are, the better decision you will eventually come to. As for myself, I discovered my Subaru bigotry and got a Forester."
just wanna know if i can improve anything without raising the price.
Having the choice to kick back and put your feet up when having a PC is the best
Doesn't that happen when you get older?
"Stare at this graph until you no longer believe markets are ""free"""
"California National Guard Can't Find Some 4,000 Soldiers Who Received Improper Pay"
Basically any EU adc would be better than international chocke lift
Dia De Los Muertos viva Mexico Dia De Los Muertos viva Mexico Dia De Los Muertos viva Mexico Dia De Los Muertos viva Mexico
That's why I pushed it off. Need the van first
"If it does, it will be bad? I don't understand your logic at all. It's like if there's not a 100% chance of happening, everything is fine? Huh? That's why you take preventative measures for anything. There's a CHANCE it will happen. Why wear a seatbelt when you may or may not crash today?"
Her niece is even better.
"My dad sleeps 16 hours a day and is in his pajamas until 5 p.m., after which he changes into another pair of pajamas."
kekkity kek
"You have, but I'll never get tired of hearing it~ Especially from someone so fucking CUTE"
You drank too much coke ;)
"you make Syndra players fucking sick, go back to bronze v. Luden's echo has no place in a build for Syndra"
"That's kind of her whole thing. She's corrupt as fuck, he's a racist monster. We're circling the drain with this one."
Last couple season's fucking sucked. They need to stop with the one season storylines.
"Gamers of Reddit, what is your favorite original song from any game's soundtrack?"
*you're
How to install and use BlackNurse DoS on Kali Linux
"I remember my freshman year of highschool we were taught the global warming was a theory, by freshman year of college, it was fact. I think it's pretty cool how fast things change."
It's the second time i see a nazi car in my neighborhood.
"if someone boycotted every muslim nation, and no other nation, then my presumption, and many other's presumption would be that person is an islamaphobe. I don't think that's unreasonable."
I've literally never heard of anyone call them planeways.
I suspect that has more to do with having older siblings or poor parental supervision. No 5 year old is going to know what fucking a girl in the ass means or even think about anal sex unless some else (older) tells him about it.
Legend blue 11's and Fire red 5's
"I asked to write a joke on the box, now here is an unrelated gaming themed pizza box."
Woah! Where'd you see David Simon say that?
lol +12 with two weeks to go. CAN YOU FEEL IT?!?
"Mainly because of human unpredictability. You can program the best robot to fight literally anything but it follows a set of rules that can be exploited, learned and outplayed. A titans mind, while vast, is still finite. Take Ronin for example, the sword titan. Often, he states ""We are stronger together, pilot"" and it's true. With his processing speed, algorithms and logic combined with a humans intuition and risk/reward assessment (robots err on one side or the other, a human does not) they can make combined decisions leading to the best outcome. Also. A human can sacrifice themselves, a titan cannot sacrifice their pilot. Alone they are formidable, but together, they are only challenged by an equal."
"Yes, that's what I said."
What the hell are you curmudgeon nyc'ers getting your S/O for xmas? Anything for yourself?
Whenever I get to be the squad leader...
Holy Shit! This Could Be Huge: Clintons Child Sex Ring
This is Donald
So that's what $50 worth of acting gets you.
This seems to be not right. Oldur gets killed during his Ult in the fog during death match
"Anti-Fraud Experts Launch News-Accuracy Site, Find U.S. Probably Blamed Wrong Side for Syria Chemical Attack"
It's not just locally either. The Houston Chronicle regularly looks reddit for inspiration as well. A hell of a lot bigger media source than some mid size region radio station.
"What would you do if your body turns female but your face is male For guys: Imagine one day you grow nice breasts and hips, and your junk turns into a vagigi. Your body looks like a sexy beautiful woman's, but your face still looks the same and your brain still thinks you are male. Assume your body's changes are permanent. What would you do? Would you medically alter your body to make it look like male, and continue living as a man? Or would you do plastic surgery on your face so that it matches your feminine body, and live as a woman from now on?"
"I think he's just a witness of her racism. **witness protection plan needed** They are trying to kill him, if you think about it."
About religious indoctrination How rare do people who aren't raised religiously become religious? and what is the percentage of religious people that is indoctrinated from birth
"err no, its nobodies interest having 3 cake shops one which serves gays and one which doesnt and one which serves only gays. how do you not understand this, its very simple, its cheaper and better just having 1 that serves everybody"
"I have no words (x-post from r/wtf, semi nsfw)"
Good point
Hillary is a reactionary Hawk. Putin doesn't respect her. Dangerous! Don and Vlad can talk or out. She was just lead us to cold war 2.0
Well I mean state wide is a different story. The west of PA is completely different then the east. And in the center is pretty much Alabama.
"This Anti-Hillary Video is Going Massively Viral, Hillary Wants It Hidden! FUNNY CARTOON!"
"Dem Strategist Mocks Trump Supporter Beat Up By Mob: ""Oh My Goodness, Poor White People! Please!"""
I down voted it 3 times cause its posted 3 times
"The difference between drugs and Immigration is that the use of drugs is a personal issue. It's that person's choice to use or not use drugs. The individual is in control in that situation. They can check in to rehab today if they want help, or tomorrow, or ten years from now. For immigration, the individual is not in control. They are powerless over it except for the laws that we have put in place. We can't individually control it. There is no rehab to turn to for help. Only laws that were voted on (mostly) to protect themselves. When you can't protect your self and the laws that were supposed to protect you don't work, then what do you do?"
"It's the exact same thing that happened with Fnatic last year. People are really hyped to see a good western team. Except people got really annoyed of Fnatic fans, but this time TSM fans are the majority."
Elba is one of my favorite actors. Stringer Bell 4 lyfe.
Protein shakes: easy and no chewing involved. Just sip between killcams.
Dallas is. Gb is over weight Wisconsinites team
"Buddy sent me this, it deserves way more views than it has, too funny!"
"Things you wish you had known before starting a Chemistry PhD I'm just about to embark on a PhD in Organic Chemistry, and wanted to know any info / tips that you wished you had known before starting yours!"
"No, the thanks Obama bit. There's an entire subreddit dedicated to it and the man himself got in on it. Please tell me we're miscommunicating here."
Quoth the Raven: Brady scores!
Lucky you. California pede here and we just blindly passed more gun regulation legislation. I thought my rights weren't supposed to be INFRINGED UPON.
Ah. One of my MN peeps. :)
The premise of this movie is so bad. Who the fuck would kill or want to fuck over their own brother.
So he won't be playing for the Auld Firm? Shame
Parker's team wants Wilder on Wembley undercard as alternative to H. Fury mandatory
H2K Promo: For the West
The presidential family of Finland
Idt they are that smart
"Not enjoying this show at all. Production looks a bit toooooooooo cheap, the storyline isn't very compelling and the acting is a little meh. But I like shit some people don't, so whatever - enjoy the show everyone!!!"
Fucking Junkrat.
I would probably get bored and miss my job haha.
Shawn and Gus from Psych.
My boyfriend's mother accidentally made Trump Bread today.
So now every ability deals true damage. Who is the strongest champion?
"BU only follows ""Nakamoto consensus"" by block size, not other parameters. If they truly believe in their version of Nakamoto Consensus, they need to go all in by accepting blocks that reward miners more than 12.5BTC or reclaim funds, if the majority of miners vote on it."
What's the most out-of-character thing you've ever done?
This was sent to my email. It's made its way to my school.
Marco Rubio warns GOP: We could be the next target for hackers
Why hasn't someone assassinated this piece of shit yet?
Do you get the same amount of daily death threats as a POTUS or someone running for POTUS?
She collapse from the stress?
Exxon (Tillerson) wants to drill in the Arctic. trump and Putin planned to make a lot of money helping this happen. Until Obama fucked them. :-)
No. No it is not.
"What did you guys love most when you first watched/read/ect. SAO? So I just finished season 2 of the anime, and I am so surprised at how much I connected to it and enjoyed it. I don't usually watch anime and the only other one ive seen was AOT. Anyway, I teared up countless times during the show, and I was so invested in [Anime (Season 1) Spoiler](/a ""Kirito and Asuna. Like their dedication to each other, and how they would risk their lives and fight through anything in order to be together was something I really resonated with."") So when you guys first experienced it, how did you feel and what was your favorite aspect of SAO?"
Bring back pre buff golden bow! I really want it back so I can run some janky stuff in solo! Why or why not should it be brought back?
"Teenagers of Reddit, what is something you want to ask adults of Reddit?"
I've just got the best skin in game
I feel sorry for the packers
"Try running a full scan using Malwarebytes, it's the program that's blocking your profile. Also, check to make sure popup blocker is enabled, this could be a popup it's blocking. As I said, according to your screenshot, Malwarebytes isn't blocking your reddit profile domain, it's blocking a different website your profile is pointing to when you click it."
"Has DE Learned to Work Around Power Creep? Let me start by saying power creep will always be a thing in WF and I do not see that ever stopping. I do however believe that DE has taken some steps to slowing it. Passives are amazing! They change not only how you build weapons and what you decide to use but also how you play the game. A perfect example is the Telos Boltace which is quickly becoming a go to melee. Is it as powerful as the Galatine Prime? Debatable, but for killing a single tanky target no. But the way you play with the Telos Boltace changes everything. A somewhat good example of how weapon passives change the game is the Borderlands series. I would never want to see WF be as crazy as Borderlands, but some this are already starting to line up. For instance the Fomorian Accelerant mod for the Drakgoon adds a passive to make shots bounce off walls. This is similar to the Conferance Call shotgun in Borderlands 2. Furis's Winds of Purity mod turns it into a Moxie weapon. Why cant warframe have weapons that you can throw the clip out to explode doing damage equal to the bullets remaining? Or a sniper rifle the shoots a volley like Ivaras bow? Just add more cool passives and players will build around them."
"CLEVELAND, OH -- Hillary Clinton &amp; LeBron James on stage at a rally"
Why?
"It's funny how that works, huh?"
"I had a friend who had a deficiency in growth hormones, he was 14 and looked 10, and that was (iirc) the age when you were allowed to fly by yourself without having to be committed to kid jail."
They're not saying it doesn't happen. They're saying it's not as widespread of an issue as this sub makes it out to be.
Thanks for ur service bro
"Devoted Appreciation Post/Thread Hello Buddies! This one goes out to the admins and all staff who work hard to make devoted for what devoted is. They sure are pretty devoted, eh? Anyways, I'll make this short and simple. I really would like to appreciate all my peeps who make devoted as dank as it is. No other way to put it, really. I love how its a fairly relaxing civilization server instead of CivCraft. Less grind = more fun for everyone. Without factories on Civ - you couldn't do much at all. Here, you can thrive with or without them. No, I don't hate Civcraft because I do play fairly often and I've made quite the bunch of friends there. I've seen development yet it was very slow. But this ain't no complainin post about Civ. This is my post about appreciating devoted for what it is. So even though I just started devoted and I knew right from the start when 3.0 of devoted launched that the experience would be amazing and I wasn't dissapointed. This server is great. To the staff: keep up the hard work! If you agree with me, leave an upvote or reply with your thoughts on Devoted! Thanks for your time. Stay dank. -tnug out."
"Yeah, why should we care? We only fought Saddam because of the oil. And Poland was already gearing for war with Germany. Plus Poland at the time was in control of parts of Prussia and Silesia and treating the national Germans like shit. The Polish were even killing them. Hitler had every right to invade Poland in my opinion and the only reason we went to war was because the British and French were afraid of Germany threatening their colonial power. But it's really all just a matter of opinion."
"the sad part is, there are people stupid enough to claim that with passion"
So you already have 12 dollars?
Any recommendations?
"Creating A Scanner Was Fun, But I know Some People Enjoy The Hunt. Would You Enjoy A Compass That Just Points You In The Direction Of A Pokemon? What About Hot/Cold Type Game?"
Paranoia
What's so bad about picking Twitch?
Interesting that you didn't mention 2011 Oklahoma State.
Xhaka got a 3 match ban for stopping a counter attack. Sissoko for elbowing someone in the face. Nice
Nice rice bro.
Genetics...
A stupid test were making memes about to counter the depression of failing it.
"Just found it. It actually seems possible. Why the fuck did i never see this? Anyway, most guys on BnC get bloodwork done twice a year, correct?"
I am not sure you are completely known of how expensive maintaining of car on daily basis in the Dennmark can be :)
"Huh, what you on about bruh?"
"I buy small amounts of lumber quite frequently, and have a WRX with roof racks, bloody love them."
Perhaps he was stubborn and thought he could save it. 100% probabillity the aircraft is absolutely destroyed if the pilot ejects. Easy for people behind their screens to make these kind of decisions. You're not that guy and you will most likely never have to make the same kind of decision.
A day filled with roller coaster of emotions.
"What to do to kill the dancer early-game? Like what weapons, spells, etc I should use"
Whats a HECK-O
The idea that the oxford comma is irrelevant or unnecessary.
Orange prick ... Strange ideas come to mind.
"I love it because I'm such a mutt that I start naming everything and you can literally see them just stop paying attention lol. Try it next time even if you're lying. ""Well I'm Czech, Irish, German, Romanian, a bit of French, Russian, and a hint of Australian, sprinkled in with Chilean."""
anime_irl
r/btc worships and hangs on every single comment of his and also treats him like a btc dev.
"It amuses me the way you can armchair opinions on world affairs, not having any insight into what it takes to keep the interests that allow you to enjoy a cozy life safe."
I'm not even subbed to The_Donald but I just upboat every single post from you guys. Freedom of speech motherfuckers!
Trump is an idiot and so is anyone who supports him. Go fuck yourselves.
Living in NJ--fuck that guy
"Dogs would sell odors. I can see it now. ""Have you tried our latest topseller, here, smell my ass?"""
"Kyle Griffin on Twitter: ""Clinton's popular vote margin is now 2.83 million, more than 5.2 times the margin Al Gore had in 2000."""
I feel like they could sue Alexion for not disclosing conflict of interest
"Relax guys, the committee is going to have a hard time denying an undefeated PAC-12 champion."
"She's literally insane, did you read her AMA? Good fucking lord..."
The Cubs lineup for Game 3
"Tried that, nothing. What is Sony's phone number? Just going to call them and throw in the towel"
I'm filled with a morbid desire to poke her navel to see if she giggles and offers Pillsbury biscuits.
"Anyone have problems with call audio? Just started today, when I'm on a call but not on speaker phone, it's crazy distorted and barely understandable. Drove me nuts, I have trouble understanding people over the phone anyway and now it's almost unusable. Mine also has the problem playing the mummy trailer. It's not a big deal since the phones going back anyway for other issues but I thought it was interesting since I haven't seen anyone else with this particular issue"
why the fuck were you letting an 9 year old have an account in a game like this and also why the fuck would you let him talk in the osu chat which probably has some creeps in it
"I wonder how many other players, who are playing in the wrong position and just need a smart manager who doesn't know their previous bad rep to give them a chance to get them going are out there?"
It does have an effect on their life when the government mandates that private companies participate in same sex weddings or face legal consequences. While I support gay marriage one does have to concede the point that it is a lie to say that it will not effect or does not effect your life if persons of the same sex are allowed to marry.
"Looking for a space game to hold me over I'm mainly considering elite dangerous but hear a lot of mixed things about it. If anyone here plays it, would it be worth trying to start now and just playing casually? Is it playable without all the expansions they released? Thanks for any insight!"
126 million dollars reached thanks to the Polaris!
I dont get what his point is lol. They beat who they beat to get there... Dafuq cadian?
"And Michigan has wins vs. #8 Wisconsin, #12 PSU and #15 Colorado. doesn't seem like those are worse wins."
"So, you posted to a very pro-destiny community? What answer are you expecting here?"
Is that counted as fruit of the poisoned tree? Not even sure if the term I used is right
"As always, home team will win."
"Man drops ring, shoots girlfriend to death after she rejects marriage proposal: police"
SJWs on social media got the poor guy fired.
"Via Reddit, so doesn't list the book, but epic WW2 quityourbullshit..."
one of those starving kids in Africa..
Another candy stealing woman caught on video.
"SIM Tix......I ran out today....been playing since Jan. Was a minor whale here and there. Today I woke up realizing I have no tix left. That just quadrupled the time it will take to do dailies....etc. I will never spend crystals on sim tix. Another game I play hands them out like candy on Hallloween. If I am out, others must be, and that right there would cause people to be disinterested. It's really made me reevaluate the game today. As for the raid....I'm chipping away but it is really uninteresting."
"It's just the beginning , it'll all be smooth like WAW custom , give it time this is just a beta"
Are you sure Aubercy doesn't outsource?
"Not me that misread this card, but I must have run into people not understanding how [[Detention Sphere]] Works about a million times. No, it doesn't go through hexproof or protection. No, the ability doesn't still resolve if the original target is gone, even if there are 14 more of them. No, you can not use your Detention Sphere on my Detention Sphere. Same mistakes over and over again!"
"New York Islanders vs Tampa Bay Lightning - 730PM EST - The IDK WTF I'm doing edition Don't know where the bots are, so let's just talk shit and complain about the ice here!"
Fox Says 'There are No Givens' Cutler Will Return as Starter
What do people say is attractive about the opposite gender that you don't find attractive?
"My house is right there as well, how the fuck we didn't get affected when the issue is on 44 is beyond me"
DOCTOR NO-BAMA!!!!!!
"Question about Stratified OTS tune and used Cobb ap v3 I went to go purchase a used cobb ap v3 from someone that already had the stratified OTS tunes on it. But when I went to install the stratified tunes it said the tune was locked to the previous car, but the Cobb tunes were accessible. Are tunes not transferable, or do they need to be reloaded fresh on the ap? Thanks for any help"
"I have no idea, but I know Deschutes makes some pretty good beer. I'm from the eastcoast so that may be a little mainstream for Oregon folk"
How realistic is a 2-loss Wisconsin team making the playoff?
Bey on MSNBC now.
"Prior to this election, I could have sympathy. Now, I want everyone there who voted for Trump to learn this lesson in the harshest possible way."
"Dude, please stop trying to connect SL to the past games. It's not the answer you want, it's pretty much a spinoff. When Scott said he changed his mind, he meant he's doing this for fun and possibly to tell a new story. Some things are best forgotten."
Jets and Giants actually played in NY in their history. There's a difference.
I think answering this question would create a paradox. Is he stupid or smart?
"They have helped people, might have failed some as well. Even if they failed a majority they would still be worth it for the minority they helped in that scenario."
does this mean allo is not approved for being a shill?
Google is suggesting us this...
"I'm fine with anything, as long as it doesn't make this sub go nuts Also an unusual is given out to every player. But it's the same hat with the same effect. Specifically, a spinning model of the TF2 logo. That is if TF2 ever dies, of course. And as we all know, memes never die."
I forget where I saw it. But one episode had homer's paycheck and someone zoomed in and figured out he's making like 25k a year
Great minds think alike. *he smiles*
"This isn't that hard. I'm not going to go all hypothesis testy for this, but we can certainly calculate a confidence interval on his measurement. If we believe that p = 1/3 and we have enough data points (which at nearly 300,000 we do), we can estimate a standard error for our measured p using sqrt{p(1-p)/n}. A 95% confidence interval would then be 1.96*se(p) = 0.00086. Given the actual data we can say with 95% confidence that misha's true summoning rate falls within the interval 33.38% +- 0.086% or [33.29%, 33.47%]. Increasing n an order of magnitude to just about 3 million games, would bring the lower limit of our confidence interval to 33.35%, which is above 1/3. We would need about 3 million games to more properly test the claim that Misha might be summoned at a rate higher than 1/3. (at least for p-value of 0.05 and a 2-sided interval, and maybe other things I'm forgetting at the moment.)"
"Currently the only reason the republican party has racist is because it's ideology lets them exist. The concept of Free Speech is simple, it lets all speech exist, for better, or for worse."
Chance the Rapper is performing at my university. Apparently concerts aren't for listening to music anymore.
"Yea, I suppose I'll just get the contact info for him and the kids mother this week and have them call around and see what the deal is. I mean, from a legal standpoint it doesn't seem like they have legitimate grounds to just bar him from school property especially since the kids mother gave him permission to pick the kids up. Ahhhh... smallish town drama! Always fantastical. And by fantastical I mean completely silly."
If those effects were real why is my karma in this subreddit lower than -2000?
Wasn't it 2010?
This grocery aisle
The 4K that makes the camera redhot?
LeSean McCoy out of practice again on Thursday
"Why is Kira in the rate ups, is a better question, he was outclassed only a few batches after his release and now every Omni unit with critical chance is better than him.... Hell I'd take korzan over him lol."
"November would be 6 months if you graduated in April, however if you didn't graduate and are still in school then you shouldn't be paying."
"Bug/Feature? Very high rate of surgery failure on high level doctor. I have a level 12 doctor who also has a bionic arm to give him higher manipulation. On ""Surgery Success Chance"", his final value is 103%, however I have had him perform about 20 surgeries on colonists and prisoners and he has failed on about 15 of them. He hasn't been allowed to do any drugs or drink beer so he wasn't impaired during the surgeries. Is this normal/ intended? I am getting fed up on him killing colonists and/or wasting bionic pieces and refuse to savescum to guarantee success."
Subliminal message found?
Why though. Parking lots are a blight on the landscape and a waste of land
Those are called unfaithful electors and it's illegal.
"Bullet Pumped up Kicks Hey Ya If this thread gets popular, you'll get a lot of those three coming in."
Any tips for a serial college procrastinator? Anyone listening to Hibachi for Lunch still? This is the hardest trap tape of the year for me.
"Can Fred C Trump, father and mentor of the MADMAN get some love? The FBI vault calls him a philanthropist!!!!"
I'm glad to see The Wise Man's Fear gaining more popularity on this sub.
What dose that even mean?
The Proper Way To Start Your Siege Session
"Yea, people tend to not like the confusion of a regime change during a war."
"I brewed a 10 gallon Hef, 50/50 wheat/pils. I fermented in two separate pails, pitching WLP300 into one and Wyeast 3068 into the other. Fermented at around 68F. Neither myself nor anyone else (10-15 people) could tell much of a difference or identify which was which. Not sure if that helps."
Which players from your team have improved/regressed the most this season?
My Hispanic wife and I voted for President Trump this morning! MAGA!!!
But if you run certbot your primary stays valid. Isn't that how it's supposed to work? The carts expire and renew automatically.
When is ignorance really bliss?
he got 2 and his team got 2 if im a math guy i think that equals 4. but im not a math guy so idk
Jeff Garlin's reaction when the Cubs won the World Series is exactly what I expected it to be
"Episode Discussion: Season 6, Episode 6 - Chapter 6 ~~Chris Wallace moderates the third and final debate between presidential candidates Hillary Clinton (D) and Donald Trump (R) at the University of Nevada in Las Vegas.~~ On tonight's episode, what comes next. **Please note that saying a cast member is returning to the series counts as a spoiler, and will be treated accordingly. If you see untagged spoilers, report them.**"
The marriage equality plebiscite has been formally defeated in the Senate
Why do they promote law enforcement AFTER their deaths?
"Im a broadcast journalism major at Liberty University in Lynchburg where this happened. I never thought my choice of career field would turn out to be scary, but when my prof. showed me this video I kinda pissed my pants a little bit!"
"Well, except they do actually talk about sports all day. MTV doesn't even talk about music."
Their pets...... please stop posting pictures of your pets.... please....
What are your top 5 favorite songs?
The Oreo's cereal. I would have that everyday for breakfast until they discontinued it :(
Hillary Clinton Cancels Plans to Travel to West Coast on Monday and Tuesday Following Health Episode at 9/11 Memorial
"Nah man, you're a 'Japan Elitist'. Live with it."
"Waste of money. ""WOO-HOO GUYS WERE GREEN NOW"""
Just pay kallari and carry the team
"150 ping on PBE? That would make it playable. When PBE really became a thing like three years ago I signed up and realised I was playing with 999 ping. Now *that's* unplayable. 150 is just sloppy, 150 ping is no worse than first game of the day. My average is like 90 ping on EUW and EUNE."
What 401+ hours of Tracer experience looks like
That's what the immune system is for.
Other dude looks like a lame Tom Brady
Why did Callahan get a misconduct?
"Reddit, what is your favorite movie adaptation of a book?"
"Has anybody else experienced this when printing shirts from our official club megastore? Only one wash,this is now the second jersey that this has happened when buying direct from United"
"Well, that records going to be hard to break."
What lies do you tell yourself to keep going?
In an interview before the game Tkachuk mentioned that he doesn't like a couple players on the Jets which will make for a nice rivalry. Well I think we know who he was talking about.
"""QR Code"", Rick Pas, Acrylic on panel"
"The key difference is most rookies are incredibly successful and experienced open wheel car racers. Not motorcycle racers who, lets be fair, are past their best even in that series."
Don't be so hard on yourself
Well he was 420 at the presser after the fight.
Are you saying that Trump doesn't do or say racist/misogynist things?
"do you happen to know that it's possible to log in to view your old characters, even though the realms are not open yet? Or will you just be stuck on the login screen?"
One thing he didnt mention about the 430 is it has the best hull armor of the 3. The upper sides are sloped quite a bit and many people do not anticipate that allowing you to bounce rounds off your side when you are angled at about 30 degrees (away from facing them headon)
Can they do that even if he hasn't contacted me at all?
So she fucked Paul Bearer?
"Many legacy NVIDIA GPUs are technically capable of running Wayland, it's just that NVIDIA drop support. People who are trying out Linux may want to test it on an older machine that isn't being used for anything else. If you're not a gamer, the performance is adequate. BTW I use Intel graphics now."
Stop Pretending Trump Won Because of Racism...
That's so broad a definition as to be useless. Every member of every military in the world would be terrorists.
wyd tho
"This. However I've started platooning him with Donaldson since his Contact vs Left took a hit. Still highly recommend him, great power bat."
Not sure why you were downvoted. Bike theft is rampant in Toronto.
Let's find this girl. There is more to this story.
"holy fuck. her ""writing"" is atrocious. it's like a middle-schooler writing an ""about me"" paper."
"When I click your link, it begins downloading a 550 megabyte file."
WHY DOES ANYONE BUY ANY APPLE PRODUCT AT ALL??? I just don't get it.
meirl
I'm not very mathy but doesn't a pizza wedge technically have three angles?
"definitions of words are spooks i couldn't think of a better word, being an american isn't an ideology either, nor a philosophy hence"
"Your vote isn't gonna change the world, why stress?"
LPT: Write every email as if they will get forwarded on to the CEO.
The Fifth Element. Just a two hour documentary about Boron.
GDT | Flyers @ Avs | 8pm MST | Let's do this Leeeeroy Jeeeeenkiiins
You are doing fine. Put your roster up on gamependium for future use. Just make sure you roster the top ten 3* first above the others. This will help along the way. And dont open them leg tokens.
"What Do You Think We Should We Expect from Season 4? I'm really looking forward to Season 4, whenever it comes. What do you guys think will be some big changes in Season 4?"
Returning to the game overall who is more viable amaterasu or erlang shen As the title suggests I'm trying to pick a warrior to get a good grasp on.. how do these two fair lately?
How do they know this already?
Nic Delauriers gets hungry before the game
"Reddit, what's an interesting fact about you?"
So there's a horde of FBI agents who know the truth and are furious that justice was perverted. Not one of them is fulfilling his/her oath and stepping forward as a whistleblower?
Post Game Thread: Florida Panthers vs Boston Bruins 11/1/2016 We need some chemistry on our lines. Thats the way to fix scoring.
"That's a wrap, folks. Some random fuck lady said Hillary should be disqualified. Election is over."
Way too many own goals Anyone else notice their defence scoring on themselves way too much? Happens to me almost every game. I had a 4-3 loss a few games back with 3 of the 4 goals being AI own goals. I dont get why its so broken
My Mareanie is in a Lure Ball Swinub and Poliwag are also in a Beast Ball Beast Ball Dratini Moon Ball Dhelmise
"Marcina isnt turning heads. Marth is So i wouldnt say its good news for her, she hasnt done anything whereas Marth has won a few tournies and got some really good placings"
"I've gotten three legendaries. Sephuz's Secret, Prydaz, Xavaric's Magnum Opus and Roots of Shaladrassil. I'm pretty sure the game is just trolling me at this point."
Song lyrics replacing a line with an internet meme
"What player did the movie ""heat"" base their hockey masks on?"
Okay but why the hell was she with you for three years??
"Nonsense. I act, and a month is more than enough time to prepare for a role."
Hate toad has no legs...hate toad needs no legs.
"I got about a dozen PMs from Hillary supporters telling me if I complained about Democrats viewing child porn, they'd make sure I was the next one Hillary killed."
*kansas
1 Key Alpha Boost
My friend drains his Ramen and pours the seasoning on it...dry! Tell him how mad he is!
"my cousins knew this little fat kid in mexico that they called ""el tinaco"" lmfaooo"
I thought Indiana Jones was based on/inspired by a real person
"Oh look, more useless bloat into Messenger."
Snuck up behind her and axed her in the head.
She'll also lose in a historic midterm along the same mold as Obama in 2010 if she allows Republicans to own the issue
NSW Premier Mike Baird confirms backflip on greyhound racing ban
"To be fair they bombed out of Asus rog qualifiers with some subpar play against a few SEA teams, I can understand why people have been hesitant until now."
This Thorny Devil looks like it could handle anything
"Live Discussion (November 19, 2016) (Kristen Wiig / The xx) Welcome to our *SNL* **live discussion** thread! This week's host is Kristen Wiig, and the musical guest is The xx. For those new to the show, tune into your local NBC affiliate from around 11:30 PM to follow this episode live. A quick recommendation to mention the sketch you're referring to in your comment. It's not a hard and fast rule, but it does make the thread more readable after the show finishes. Since this thread is likely to fill up quickly, consider sorting the comments by ""new"" (instead of ""best"" or ""top"") to see the newest posts. This should be automatically done, but it might not be so maybe check. Enjoy the show!"
excessive is relative
Mulholland Drive. Somebody please explain.
"Why is everyone here surprised that Gary ""Aleppo?"" Johnson said some inane shit about climate change? All of the ~~diet republicans~~ libertarians have been saying stuff like this for a while."
francophonie 2106 cine a reprezintat Romania in Madagascar la intalnirea Francophonie 2016?
"Sevil Shhaideh da dovada de initiativa, promite sa termine constructia Palatului Poporului"
I don't know what Roger has laid out for him. This is still carelessness and puts him in the public eye.
No black skin? D:
"Trump's Hamilton baiting distracts from transition 'scandals', experts say"
"Twitter has never made a penny in income and they are worth much more. They are valued on their futures, like all investments."
Who in this cast truly deserved to win this season then?
Follow up Austria and Hungary? Macedonia? Woah what happened to Korea What do you mean there's no more empire
Fake US embassy in Ghana shut down after 10 years issuing visas
"Bill Clinton ""appeared"" to be charismatic and empathetic, like a televangelist preacher back in the day when people watched TV. He could speak plainly to real issues (of course, did NOTHIING to solve them and only used what he learned from those suffering to siphon and translate that pain into his wallet ...). What really strikes me is how ANYONE can follow Hillary - who displays neither charisma nor empathy."
"World record for being the oldest person alive, found your loophole :P"
*has thousands and thousands of gold and could buy several houses* ... *still trades until merchant has 0 gold after getting what you need*
"fuck u mean hoe, i been to 30+ and in my 20s"
I read that in Adam West's voice...
"If you can run really fast carrying an egg shaped piece of animal skin filled with air, they'll give you about anything you want at the school of your choice. Even more stuff can be had if you can consistently throw it through the air to another guy."
"That is exactly why they are planning to bring an appeal system in 2017, which they have said multiple times. They also check for hijacked accounts the month after they get banned. They ban over 350.000 accounts per month for botting (OSRS / RS3 combined) and how many bans are truly false? Excluding hijacked accounts, because technically they were botted/goldfarmed on on."
"lol, so what do they think leads to bisexuality?"
"*Danny reaches for walker* ""I'm getting too old for this shit."""
"Tom Green is a piece of shit. He is on Canadian radio at the moment talking about the music video he did about Donald Trump. He said he got a lot of hate from Trump supporters on his facebook page and he referred to them as the basket of deplorables. Then he made it even clearer by saying ""Some people claim that not all of Trump supporters are deplorable, but I disagree. They are all deplorable""."
"i find it amazing that people switch. Out of curiosity, your grams was enough of a Clinton supporter to have a sign. Did she think she wasn't corrupt and she does now? I don't know anyone that isn't firmly in 1 camp, so i would love to hear how this happened. The only thing i can think of is people weren't convinced she was corrupt until Friday? But they thought Trump was to risky? Now that the corruption seems more plausible to them it outweighs Trumps Risk?"
Women
I provided the dude wiki leaks and he said he doesn't believe them because they are trouble...
Is she still the top? No way she's been the top since I played in like 2005 lol
**HATE CRIME**
What's the most uncomfortable way to sleep?
"Way ahead of you on those, buddy."
It's so short sighted to enjoy this shit show that incidentally determines the POTUS and the Supreme Court.. But the entertainment value is just precious. Deplorable Pepes.. It's just surreal.
I need to sit down for a minute...
That's the point. I was implying that it's stupid that many consider Cassie a clone of Hanzo cause they got a bow.
Comedic genius
"Saffron Looper, Saffron Photon Painted Exotics, BM, Keys, Offers"
"And, in a related story....the sun came up today, and water is wet."
Man Voluntarily has himself set on fire Instantly Regrets.
How can I buy FIFA Points online when I'm not on my PS4? Recommendations? I want to buy some FIFA Points online and open some Packs while I'm on my PC. Did anyone do this? What would you recommend?
"Toronto's hidden agenda seems to be ""Dent ALL the posts""."
I can't be the only one who wants a ; series that combines them all
"It's funny what you call luck, most call mistakes"
Just a small prediction:
Step 1: Name a hero that wrecks you. Step 2: Give advice if you play that hero. It's been a while since this kind of thread has been created again. Can be pretty educational tho and could benefit all.
Do British universities require a language? I looked online but people say different things. Anyone know for sure?
"I'm just here for the lolicon, trap, and futa"
"Same, except this was 2 weeks ago and we straight up ran from the police cause we saw them coming into the building. Did not escape."
"In Zimbabwe, where worthless $100 trillion notes serve as reminders of the perils of hyperinflation, President Robert Mugabe is printing a new currency that jeopardizes not just the economy but his own long grip on power"
Killing of 49 patients by 4 nurse aides
"Yeah, who is surprised this is the recourse this woman would resort to?"
"I'd like to see this too. Whenever Tokyo loads, I leave asap, hopefully before the match even starts. A lot of the time, I do notice that another player or two leaves even before I do. I would love to see some hard numbers on it though. I imagine psyonix can see them one way or another, and its probably the reason we got a preference system at all. what I would also love to see is what percentage of players liked/disliked each map in the system. the Tokyo lovers and haters all seem to think the other one is the vocal minority. Id love to see who is right."
"No, those reports were false."
Razer - DeathAdder Chroma Optical Gaming Mouse - $40.00
Listening to your lover's heartbeat.
"Historically, the bad guys are the ones who commit organised acts of genocide"
Am german. Am not rich.
4 tires take up kind of a lot of space actually.
"I think my biggest issue with Civ VI is the barbarians. They spawn like crazy, and their encampments spawn at a similarly insane rate. It feels like I need to keep a massive standing army to deal with them, even in the modern and later eras, simple because at any turn I can suddenly find my cities inundated with the bastards out of the blue."
"Cryptid Attack tip - get 100 tickets every time. Simple tip to get max score each time on cryptid attack. Aim with your gun, and place your finger on the screen where the crosshair is. Your finger is now a crosshair. Move your right stick until your finger is on the teeth and throw the ball. For even better speed, stick a small piece of blu-tack on the screen for a permanent crosshair."
"This is America, damn it! We're not gonna half ass it like the Greeks."
How do you die to o2 on a knight?
Ikaw ba yung nakatayo sa kaliwa? Selfie naman jan! Hehehe!
"Can also happen in cows: masculinization of cattle happens in there are twins of opposite genders, the male turns out fine but the female is all messed up because of the testosterone content, leaving her infertile and with weird genitalia. They're called 'freemartins'."
TFW Scrooge has fun during Christmas
I main a warrior and laughed. Although in lich king i had an entire set of intellect plate full gemmed and enchanted i would troll LFD with.
That's some black mirror shit right there.
What's something you WOULDN'T do for a billion dollars?
"Fukuoka theme park draws ire over 5,000 fish frozen into ice skate rink"
If possible warm the pizza slower in a covered frying pan on the stove instead. Crisps up the crust and gives a much better result than nuking does.
"Is ""Here's Not Here"" generally hated around here? Because I felt that was one of the stronger Season 6 episodes."
This subreddit really does suck.
DNC Chair: Don't look at DNC hack -- could have malware!
"Good Triple A games for small party? Any recommendations for a small party of 3 in regards with what new games to get on PS4? We are happy with anything ranging between FPS, Action and Adventure, strategy, etc. We would just like a game that is more intended to be casual."
Mentally disabled?
I thought Quebec was in Canada.
"My girlfriend has a hoard of nudes that she hasn't sent. She takes them to experiment with lighting and poses. She's also vain as hell at some points. She sends me the ones she deems ""the best"" and just lets the others collect dust. It picks up her abysmal self esteem to see pictures of herself as a sexy model."
Voting proudly for her
"Mayoiga, maybe it was just too brilliant to properly comprehend."
"I am constantly told I'm wasting my vote on a third party candidate. My vote for a third party is as neutral as a voter that stays home and does not vote. Except I see a lot more vitriol against people voting for third parties, than I see against voters that choose to not vote at all."
I hope you put this on r/vexillologycirclejerk :P Maybe have another version with a stick of souvlaki running through it for Checksouvlakia or something stupid.
"Don't we all have curves, so we are all real women?"
P. Sherman 42 Wallaby Way Sydney
The real 6ix God
No.
"Ireland still has a democratic government, I hear. Similar 'culture', maybe a bit more rain and alot more drinking but also more craic."
American black drip coffee runs rings around anything anyone in Australia can handle.
"Scum bags like this are the reason I will *never* leave a bowl of candy out. If I can't or won't hand out candy, I'll turn off my lights for the night. Simple as that."
so i've been jerking off into boxes a lot and after a lot of build up i flatten out the box and it's a semi solid consistency cause i put salt in it and i slide it under peoples doors under the crac kin my dorm and people been lookin for me like mad but no one knows who it is haha i've done it to my land lord like 3 times haha
The perfect hand-sculpted Play-Doh sphere.
"Vivendi IIRC. They recently took over Gameloft and tried to get Ubisoft by raising their holding stakes (since they lost Activision-Blizzard a few years ago thanks to them buying themselves back, so they're looking for another game company to grab). They failed however. I still have some hope in Ubisoft to be honest. I mean, Rayman Legends was just too fucking good and they've confirmed Beyond Good and Evil 2 is finally going forward in development."
"It makes an easy login for places I don't care about; that's something. Connect Facebook? I'm leery of you having access to my Facebook. Connect Google+? Oh, what the fuck do I care, sure."
"Who else would you have liked to see as ""Plan B"" for Asuka after Trish couldnt do it? Let's think realistically in the sense they have to not be under contract somewhere else. I would say Kong/Kharma just because I'd like to see the visual of those two facing each other. Nothing about it would make sense though, you cant have Kong go over Asuka and you cant have Kong lose in what would techincally ne her first 1v1 match with the company. But, hey...I'd still like to see it"
No i think the 3rd parties need to stop being fucking crazy before it ever happens.
Harvick is by far the favorite but I think Hamlin ot Logano will pull it off
Finance - Tharoor External Affairs/HRD - Tharoor Power - Tharoor Special Ministry to investigate Corruption - Tharoor Transportation - Tharoor Corporate Affairs - Tharoor IT/Telecom - Tharoor Prime Minister - Tharoor Environment - Tharoor Health - Tharoor Broadcasting - Tharoor
Added this flow control valve to my shower head. Cost: $6.50. Monthly savings: $7.
My god this comment had me in tears. He truly takes the father look and makes it his own. Papa Het.
"For those not aware, 2 of the top 3 RB prospects (Leonard Fournette and Christian McCaffrey) have chosen to skip their teams' respective bowl games to prepare for the NFL draft."
That part was tragic. That Death Star is crazy expensive and takes hours to build.
Pre-Lock gang gang
"Loki. I started out as Thor, but wanted a more stealthy God to play, so I got suggested to try Loki. He did end up as my first diamond, so that's great and all."
What I do is if only town people are in the graveyard I tell them to tell evil people that theres no medium when they die. That way they are not scared of revealing info like who is maf and whatnot.
Same with mine. My parents have voted opposite ways my whole life - I never thought I would see my dad vote for an establishment democrat but he just can't justify voting for Trump.
Can Dana make Nate get Barboza pregnant
They need to bring back animatronics for use in movies. This thing is 10 times creepier than anything CG can do.
"Eh, the C can mean two things. The P, I'm willing to give."
I respect your decision and appreciate your time.
How I feel installing my graphics card drivers today
Why wouldn't you like it?
"Hey, it's Dave!"
An Ode to Sean Murray
Good. Paving the way for a slam dunk for Trump in 4 years. Doubling down on identity politics is only going to turn more people off.
"""If you vote for Hillary you're an adult. If you vote for Trump you're a sucker. If you don't vote at all you're an asshole."" Sums it up perfectly. And I'd add liberals voting third party in with the assholes, so I'm glad he called them out too."
"That's unfortunate to hear. I think the event was very well done and feel its a shame players will miss out on good low level content(I found the event to be more involved and fun than most other basic F2P quests) because a few people don't want to spend 10 minutes repeating a quest or can't handle an uneven amount of quest points. I don't mean to ramble, but its just disappointing. But I won't be salty, they have their reasons for voting no I suppose."
"Ummm So I like rock, metal, death metal, classic metal, heavy metal, hip hop, pop, reggae, funk, jazz, classical, punk, grunge, swing, electro swing, gypsy funk ... that's like half the list?"
Divvy bike records/contests? Has anyone ever heard of time records/challenges/etc? Its too bad the bike can't track your mileage/route. I guess you could run an app while you ride
Is it a feeling in your pants?
Pfftttt.. Just the opposite...
"PSTV + Vita is Billion Times Better than Nintendo Switch, Agree ?"
"I'd like to present to you all, my Halloween costume"
"Europe might not be that safe, with Trump/Putin dismantling NATO."
Go to college and make some friends?
I made this.
"I know about a dozen or so people, myself included, who are up at Otto 3-4 times a week. I'll pass this around."
"yep, starts today."
over the hills we vent
Anyone down for a friendly on PS4? Looking for a match. Don't play people on this sub often.
"Sell Noble Frostheart? Just got the new Winter Wyvern Noble Frostheart set, It's price is pretty high, do you guys reckon the price will fall or rise? Should I sell it now or later? I don't really know much about the Dota 2 market, but I'm assuming the price will fall."
Ugh management. How dare they manage!
Clear varnish for metal? Recently I made a simple coffee table with a metal frame. I want to keep the bare metal look but at the same time give it some protection. Can anyone recommend me a good clear varnish for metal?
Safety goggles
What's the nicest way to tell a guy that his penis is too small for me?
Whoa
Proud parenting moment- introduced my 9 year old to the Bob Ross YouTube channel. She's hooked.
"If your employees aren't mad at someone on their shift, invariably the ""enemy"" becomes the shift supervisor. I can have my guys resent me, or have them take it out on the jerk. That way I also have someone I can put on the crappy work (dirty stuff, annoying stuff, menial stuff, etc) without worrying about the rest of my guys having to put up with stuff they don't like to do relative to their jobs. Bonus perk: Asshole has lower productivity than everyone else because he's always doing other stuff. While I can't use this to fire him, it does mean the rest of my guys look like superstars come yearly reviews."
Video shows Trump with mob figure he denied knowing
"I don't know how he does it, but Getzlaf has managed to be the most overrated for like 7 years now. I think the only player with a longer streak of overratedness is Van Zeyl."
Maelstrom Wanderer has two Cascade keywords.
I would laugh if this is a hearthstone scenario where it stores the ENTIRE game for every language so it's really a 10gb game in 13 languages that each have their own directory with the entire games assets.
"There is so much noise that everyone is deafened. The sheer number of incidents of utter corruption, willful blindness and irresponsibility of this man make each incident pale in significance. It makes it hard for people to keep paying attention"
"So glad this is preseason. If we played this poorly during the regular season, I'd be slamming my head against a brick wall."
"If by locals you mean seven city council members. Uber and lyft were quite popular with the locals before required fingerprinting. If you're referring to the prop vote, that was just a rejection of an attempt to replace the 2015 ordinance with X Law, not a wholesale approval of the 2015 ordinance in particular (and if this forum is any indicator, many people didn't vote on the substance of the proposition anyway)."
"r/RoastMe meh, like I care"
Mayor de Blasio urges all Americans to continue protesting Trump
Ice involved in car accident
"""People"", meaning Soros"
"Vikings' OC Norv has resigned, league sources tell ESPN"
That's not a question I think ~~we~~ either of us should answer.
gcd of polynomials I need to use the Euclidean Algorithm to find the gcd of (x^4 -x^3 -x^2 -1) and (x^3 -1) I get down to: (x^4 - x^3 - x^2 -1) = (x^3 -1)(x-1) + (-x^2 + x - 2) (x^3 - 1)=(-x^2 + x - 2)(-x - 1) + (-x - 3) (-x^2 + x - 2) = (-x - 3)(x - 4) + (-14) (-x - 3) = (-14)... Now I'm confused.
"I know I'm gonna get downvoted for this but damn, I thought about doing this exact threads but wasn't sure whether it was appropriate or not"
"Holy fucking balls. Those who are too lazy to read it, read it. It's fucking bonkers"
There were babies aborted!
"Yes, that is true, but in this case you can shoot till you empty the removed mag :D"
Shhhhhhhhhh?
People arguing... on the road! People arguing... in a farm! People arguing... in a prison! And sometimes there are zombies. The above a summary of how far I got before giving up.
"*Donald*: Barack! You gotta help me! I know nothing about any of this, I've made a grave mista-*click* *Barack, with a shit-eating grin*: Gotta love Donald. Always a pleasure having him on."
Have any of you ever met a famous wrestler before they were famous? I've heard a ton of stories about this kind of thing happening and I was wondering if it had happened to any of you guys? I met TM-61 at a Perth indy show a few years back and it still spins me out to see them on NXT
"When do you think we'll start seeing PS Pro bundles? Obviously it makes sense why there are no bundles for the PS Pro yet - they're selling just fine without including extras. However, I'm curious, when do you think we'll start seeing bundles being made?"
Generally you go boot of travel on exorte and you don't really need the extra damage thank to exorte and you don't gain much from walking though people with Invoker and you get more move speed from boots of travel even when phase is active as with out wex Invoker base speed is very low
Dehaka gets bodyparts from other heroes. Back thing from azmodan and nosehorn from anub
Maybe using VPN.
"Something that grinds my gears: My grandmother is a fantastic cook. She always has a dessert ready in her kitchen. A few months ago it was ""Are you *sure* you need a piece of pie...?"" and lately it's ""Well I just can't believe you won't even have a tiny piece."" Sweet, sweet grandmother... I need ya to pick a side. I'm too fat or I'm losing too quickly, I'm eating too much or I'm not eating enough... it's just constant criticism from that side of my family in general. The other day my grandfather told me that if I turned to the side and stuck my tongue out, I would look like a zipper. I'm very nearly about to ask them to keep any commentary about my body, positive or negative, to themselves."
Bucks is picked for his ability to destroy the floor. Not to have a backup shotgun in combat. And as the devs already made it clear that wasnt their intention either.
"Really? Forgot to mention I also asked her to the movies before. She said yes. When I went to confirm the night before she said she would reassure with her parents. Never got a response back. So I dont think im a ""accusatory hypocrite""."
Complete PipeMasters 2016 Gallery!
"Once all the Mexicans are deported, there will be nobody left to build the fucking thing though."
Deadline is Friday for health-insurance signups through the state exchange
"You are saying that there is a chance that he is an actual reasonable human being? No way, he has to be a salty inmature motherf, reddit knows him better"
How would you know? are you an expert on bird law?
"If you were a Trial Captain, what would your trial be like? My trial would take place in a cavern, likely somewhere on Poni Island, would specialize in Dragon types(as that is the type of my Friend Safari), and will put your mind to the test. I will greet you at the entrance of the cavern and send you off on your quest to complete 3 tasks in order to meet the ""Old Wise One"", monitoring you along the way. You enter the first room and do first task: a quiz about basic Pokemon facts and trivia. Once you complete it, you will battle a trainer. You go into the second room to do the second task, which is one or two Strength puzzles. After you complete it, you battle another trainer. The third room is cold and icy. In here is the third task, a small set of ice puzzles. After you traverse those, you battle the final trainer, and make it into the final room, where the ""Old Wise One"", a Totem Drampa, awaits. Beat him to obtain your reward(whatever that may be), and clear the trial."
"When the first park fails he builds a new one, but while in the process of building it his son causes a power outage and causes chaos in the park. In the end he unites with his son and they destroy the park, against the wishes of the investors."
"What do you think Battlefield 1 should improve on just before the launch? Is it just me because I believe the player models need to have some blood where the injuries are. Such as in melee animations to add some immersion and details to each player model. When I play games I really love the small details that just impresses me, since most games these days (looking at COD) who don't put the small details in. The video of how Ubisoft downgrades really opened my eyes and even though the Battlefield series is nowhere close I just fear that someday video games will just be entertainment and not art. Dice has done a great job and Im not dissing them, but if somehow they could pull this of I would be extremely impressed."
"Hey man, no need to get at him, he was just expressing a wish of his. May not be a popular opinion, but I doubt his single line comment deserved to be called ""shitty fantasy booking""."
"That's funny. All I get are insults and downvotes - because they disagree with me, not because I wasn't contributing to the conversation. Quite conversely I don't know ANYONE who voted for Hillary who did so because she was their first choice. We all knew what we were getting with her - we know what she did - we aren't wearing blinders and disassociating ourselves from reality. She does shady shit. On the other side you have Trump, who in the past CONTRIBUTED MONEY TO CLINTONS CAMPAIGN, lives in Trump tower, and runs alongside born and bred politician Mike Pence, somehow convinces salt of the earth middle America that he is their man. You want to talk MSM brainwashing? There's so many steps between Trump and the common man, along with his ""drain the swamp"" strategy that you literally have to be brainwashed to buy it. I have some timeshares and knife sets I'd also like to sell you. Neither candidate was ideal or what their constitutes wanted, but one side is a wee bit more delusional with their expectations vs. reality."
"same way in AZ right now, we haven't even had our first snow on the mountain yet.. looking positive for thursday though!"
PSA: using yahoo now download malware and adware on your computer!
Aaron Rodgers has a photographic memory...a VERY GOOD photographic memory
"Good parts- Montey Python, fish and chips, Rolling Stones. Bad parts- Birmingham, Birmingham metropolitan area, anything that has spent an extended period of time in Birmingham."
Or superior energy retrieval
Why is Donald Trump bad as Tweeting?
DAE Burn the Heretic!!!!!
Cyka bliat!
You have been disconnected. Logging into game server. Repeat.
I'm not lying at all. Time to report you.
"Nice motorcycle man, my congratulation!"
"I always knew they were from SD but recently found out it was specifically Poway, I lived in that neighborhood for 7 years growing up."
Act like she is wrong when we both know she is right.
FUCK glasses
"Jonathan ""...what?"" Hickman"
Harrow St going on to Pembina is a disaster I see people going into the Price Chopper parking lot all the time to bypass the line there. Yesterday on my way home a car drove down the wrong way with 2 people coming at him and they got out of the way like he was a siren'ed car. People are that impatient now?
"Did you want help with some? I have never tried doing it, but I guess I could."
that's a pretty harsh statement you're makin
Horrifying!
Cool picture of Andre The Giant and little Stephanie
"Oh yeah i remember, potential future president making fun of disabled people. Wow"
Let me guess. You support Trump.
"No one is gonna agree with me, but I think I'm In It is the best song ever recorded in human history."
'memba catskitsteerloader?
"So, this is dumb but... water? Total noob to ultralight. I've always been a car camper but want to make the transition to hammock camping and stuff. Anyway. Water. I assume you guys aren't hiking in the wilderness with litres and litres on your back. Do you bring a filter and pump it from a river/lake? How much do you bring with you on the way in before you get to your water source? What is your go to filter? Thanks all!"
Shinigami can't kill themselves
"Thugs: Homeless, Elderly, Black Trump Supporter Assaulted by Mob"
"We're going to find out Elvis and Andy Kauffman are indeed still alive, just to hear that they died."
What's the best smell you've ever smelt?
"That was long before WWE went public. Not only was Vince not a billionaire, but any wealth he had at the time was theoretical."
my best was only 398k =/
Canada Says Only 28 Americans Have Applied for Trump-Related Refugee Status
"The Simpsons parody with voice acting, not sure why it hasn't been posted here yet."
"China, Russia take step closer to new long-haul jet"
I play this game most of the time purely for PvP and is one of the reason i have slowly been playing less and less since the component system :/
"If you're referring to delta man, he's know for being highly adaptable, and doesn't waste time on hatin'."
Operation
But Turbine is a great map.
"Respawn, you are a bunch of greedy bastards"
"What do people mean by ""roam the world and kill PvE bosses""? People say that roaming the world and killing PvE bosses will be a legitimate tactic, but have the devs mentioned how frequently the bosses will spawn?"
"Accurate won't increase damage, but help you aiming faster, decrease the diffusion of reticle after shooting."
# #MakeThornGreatAgain?
Harry Reid also endorses Keith Ellison to become DNC Chair
"Here's another unpopular opinion - I respect Jesse less for this. His job is to perform, let the audience do as they please. I'm looking at you Dave Grohl."
"Without saying the name of your city, what city do you live in?"
Meta picks in higher ranks grant you a higher chance of winning. Don't pick this twitch jungle when you have olaf/lee free and your team has no tank.
"If Luffy was willing to eat so he could spam gear 4, then maybe. I just don't know how he'll get out of this."
Why does Casey go with Corey over Norm?
Hey guys memes
What act of kindness is considered illegal?
"Prime has made Matchmaking a much more pleasurable experience. When Prime came out I was GN1/2 and have slowly ranked my way up to MG. I'm not gunna try to say that it's all been smiles and sunshine, but it has been a much more pleasurable experience. Teammates have been better to deal with an communication seems to be better and I find myself enjoying the game a lot more. There has been a noticeable change in the game for me. Have others noticed any difference?"
Democracy isn't free.
"It's not even Microsoft exclusive, SONY just opted to not pay for the PS4 league. So blame them."
Crazy people shouldn't have guns.
"Nope, not Maurice. Got a Jean on our hands. Honestly, I would move in a second except a) we just spent $500 on movers two weeks ago, b) I also just dropped a ton of money on an engagement ring and c) we're on the lease until Sept. 30, 2017, which is the big one. If I knew we could get out of it, I'd start earnestly looking at apartments tomorrow."
Proof?
Look at his submission history. He's got a hefty chip on his shoulder.
Consider: Asiata (Carries-yards-TDs) 14-55-1 12-55-0 14-42-0 McKinnon 16-45-0 18-85-1 20-36-0 I don't think there's much that will help the Vikings' run game.
Clearly a false flag. No trump supporter would think this is a good idea. The only people who think trump supporters are dumb enough to do this are liberals who are extremely bigoted against poor white people.
Watching this guy piss this sub off for four years is going to be amazing
It's not even listed in the store on my galaxy nexus running jellybean. IIRC I've played it on jellybean devices before. Maybe they pulled it???
I think that he'd have to be a Democrat to qualify.
"From what I've gathered we are able to get the ""Ruins of creation"" Offline with 3 players just by listening to sounds. However, on online it doesn't work. As far as I'm aware of, we don't know what step is skipped, we just know one is."
"They're not in the US, and that's all that counts! BTW: Where's Aleppo?"
"I mean, Jordan played on some pretty bad teams for a while after he got drafted. They made the playoffs a few times early in his career but the team had a losing record."
"Which TV series did you enjoy initially, but left you disappointed you as the series progressed?"
Have you looked out over the river just outside of the attackers entrance?
Probably sent there by the DNC like the Chicago violence inciters
Didnt answer the question. Definitely cringelord though
AUTOMATED
Whose artillery is this?
I know what happened with us was that there was a token team lead on shore and the rest was staffed offshore. Then everyone is forced to work around IST hours
IEM LoL Announcement
"No, I mean the readhead one."
Or a portal to another dimension
Hold up. Since when did Game of Thrones in the same universe as The Walking Dead?!
I just want someone to help me stay warm and watch netflix and eat pizza and have sex with. Why is this so hard to find???
"This is necessary. I have to drive through grocery store parking lots with extra caution since nobody can hear me coming. On the other hand, it's fun to follow people that are walking to their cars down the isles and see how long it takes them to notice me."
"(Sherman) Under the new CBA, new MLB players will be banned from using smokeless tobacco. Those already playing will be grandfathered in"
"NASA: We're Not Racing SpaceX to Mars - ""If Elon Musk brought the samples in the door right now I'd throw him a party out of my own money,"" Thomas Zurbuchen, NASA's newly named associate administrator for science."
"Second. Every time a guy dresses as a woman for Halloween, he comes out as gay or transgender the following year. I watched it happen."
Ciara
"Based on Saturday, I would have to call Nick Chubb the leading Heisman Candidate."
Also Russell is playing very well
"Can i run BF1? Right now i have a gtx 970 whitch i know can run it. For the minimum requirements for the processor its listed as a AMD FX-6350 but i have a FX-6000, can i still run it? I also have 8gb of ram and the minimum is 8 so will i need more?"
And what the fuck would it matter if such a tape did exist? Having a sex tape doesn't disqualify you from being treated civily like a human being.
"Maybe at a nicer restaurant, but I doubt they bring home huge bucks at a shitty pub."
"No worries, they're talking about the comics."
I can't get over how bad he is
Dress upppppp
Reflective Room
"Seriously, calm down people."
Also trying to stop genocide.
Just HOW much of FoTL will be eververse (microtransaction) content?
"Women kiss each other to give men fap material and get attention, not because they like it. If they do it alone and like it that's gay"
"Mophie is real, but this picture is fake."
Content Aware Scale + Full Metal Disney + Vibrato
Trump never sacrificed national security to avoid FOIA requests.
"No, of course not. I have seen a fair share of crazy liberal feminists who believe that women are entitled to everything because they are women, but I have also met plenty more women who work their ass off and achieve everything quite fairly. Now, the minority of women who support the *my choice* abortion are those who are, quite frankly, crazy. Again, those are the 'fringe' parts of liberalism. Classical liberalism is nothing like that. They believe in both rights *and* responsibilities. I am not even a liberal, I am a conservative and so I feel that all men and women should be free to do as they please with their body. The concept of body autonomy is essential to the functioning of human rights. If we do not have body autonomy then everything else falls apart and we certainly should not have the expectation that everyone will defend their freedom with the barrel of a gun because that's not how one should defend their freedom, unless absolutely necessary. Anyway, I think I am digressing a little. Don't use an internet forum as a barometer for what women think, especially two chromosomes. That place is an effective safe space, much like coontown or fatpeoplehate used to be. Plus, a lot of women think that 'being a man' is about acting like a dick and, so, a lot of young feministas basically act like that to try look 'hard and cool', like teenage boys. Irony is, most of them are 18-23 year olds..."
Make it rain
"TIFU by pretending to be a mannequin Like so many others this didn't happen yesterday, but a few years ago when I was in college. I was working in a sunglass and lifestyle store when I got bored and decided to cover myself from head to toe in snowboarding gear. All the way from pants and jacket to gloves, facemask, goggles and hat. Not a single piece of skin was showing. I goofed off in the store for a bit and then decided to go stand in the big glass front window. This is where the FU happens. I am standing in there as still as can be and getting a couple of weird looks but nothing too strange. For the most part people aren't noticing me. Then a little kid (maybe 12 years old) comes right up to the glass and stares at me, obviously noticing something isn't right. That's when the practical joker in me takes over and I throw my hands up and scare the crap out of the little bugger. He runs off half scared half laughing and I leave the window display and get back to actually working. A few minutes later an older fellow comes in and says he saw what I did and that it was incredibly racist...ohh, I didn't mention that the little kid was black, because to a normal person they wouldn't even think in those terms. The older fellow was black too. He goes on to tell me that he's a professor at one of the Ivy League colleges across town and that he studies this kind of stuff regularly and that what I did was incredibly racist. He lectured me a bit more, and I just stood there and listened since I was so caught off guard then he finished by saying that it was because of people like me doing that kind of stuff that black people were afraid of white people. TLDR: pretended to be a mannequin. Scared a little kid who happened to be black. Got called a racist."
"Saitama isn't as strong as Thor, and doesn't have infinitely sharp knives like Wolverine."
"Yeah, I spawned in it"
Why would you need the game for multiple consoles?
"Wendi Richter was pretty hot, not off the scale, but pretty hot."
I actually think it is a good thing. To allow Americans to sue foreign governments opens up a door you cannot close. Foreign governments would then be able to sue American citizens.
There's actually a few characters that are limited in smash. For example Lucas and Ness are unfortunately limited to using only the control stick right or left in conjunction with the B button.
Aston villa and Newcastle are both in the championship? Fuck
"Cleveland Cavaliers vs Milwaukee Bucks 8pm EST 11/29/16 Nice to see Delly again, but fuck the Bucks."
"He's doing way better than Cena was. WWE used to mute Cena's reactions, pipe in chants, and run an edited version for the West coast feed (which aired on tape delay) for Cena. At the PPVs they could only mute it but it'd be obvious people were booing Cena, so many people that were on the West Coast would only hear the boos at PPVs and would be surprised. Maybe because of the proliferation of the internet they aren't trying to do that now. But Reigns actually does get cheers and the boos aren't even that bad. He gets booed on his entrance, but he's such a good wrestler that usually during and after his matches the crowd can't help but pop. Cena was a garbage wrestler so he'd just get booed throughout the matches. When Cena would fire up it'd be even worse. When Reigns fires up most people actually like to see the Superman punch and Spear. Cena of course lasted for a decade plus. I'm sure Reigns can do that too. I think Reigns outside of promo work is a way better wrestler than Cena already. He looks cooler, has cooler moves, sells a lot better and works better matches all around. Heck even his promos, I see more potential, because Cena would just make kiddy jokes mostly."
This phenomenon is global. Anyone in almost any country can buy from these suppliers.
I already have 40 cigars on this
Editor notes for packaging on XFX 480 printed on box. Lol
Going for the ol' Fonzy approach.
Drain the swamp...
We should really consider banning certain people from voting. I am so fucking heartbroken.
"My prediction - she will come across as genuine and convincing, and the video will instantly be everywhere. Then Trump will attack her on Twitter, making things worse for himself."
The false song of globalism.
"How come when teams don't guard Marcus Smart from the 3pt line, it goes bad. But when the Celtics play the same D, it goes in."
"October gun sales see massive spike, set yet another record | Fox News"
Haha I only have one true friend other then my wife. I'm a simple guy for sure but have most definitely been through a whole life full of literally unbelievable series of events that would make a great fuckin movie or book some day. I've seen the highest peaks in life and it all taken from me in a matter of seconds. With all the trials and tribulations I've been through makes me the person I am today and why I work so hard to spread positivity in my day to day life. Weather it be on here given love to my Ents or helping an old lady on the island who's lost or fix some shit without expecting anything in return. I just do my best to treat everyone the way I would want to be treated. That is all. Sorry for the rant bud but you are correct about your comment I suppose in retrospect.
Eh I feel like if they had shown the Clone Wars with more grit like Rouge One did then it might make more sense it weighs heavily on Obi Wans shoulders. The Clone Wars were shown kind of soft and fluffy. Not like a war really would be.
"Viktor was picked first though, TSM last picked Zilean on red side."
\#BlackLivesMAGA
"Move to a better city. Shifts *start* above $18 in my market, baristas at $15. Plus the city itself is amazing"
How can he do that when he isn't the president?
"So obviously this single member of the Board of Directors is micromanaging the editorial content of the Daily Beast, duh."
"This summer I went to an Asian festival. There were people there from all different Asian cultures sharing food, info, etc. There was a tent set up with a table for each Asian culture to share history and info to visitors. I went to support a friend who was competing in the dragon boat race but enjoyed the food and stuff as well. I do hoop dance so I brought my hoop with me and a bunch of old Asian men and women commented that they lived my Totoro rights, and the guys running that culture/info tent made me dance and share my dancing with them. It was great fun and I can't wait to go again next year. I posted about it on fb to a hooping group and got shit on about how I dont belong there and I was appropriating their culture and that the festival was made for people of color, not whites. So it's okay for Spanish and black people to go to learn, but not whites. Fuck that girl. I had a custard bun and faced to kpop. When I mention that I was excited that I heard music being played from Korea that I knew and loved (I love kpop, fight me), the girl on fb lost her shit. People like that drive me crazy. White people get so upset while the people actually a part of these cultures want nothing more than to share with us. :'("
"Excuse me, sorry, kinda in a hurry..."
I'm on ps3 actually and so far every time it's happened it's been an accident. After I took this photo everybody in the room was teleported to the same point somewhere in the city and nobody had access to their guns. A giant fist fight broke out until people started exploding randomly
"Seriously if she wanted to keep out of the spotlight, this was the opposite of what she would want to do. An open letter screams for media attention."
Funny Lazy People Long time lurker here I was working in the frozen dept. minding my own business fixing plugging issues and decided to take a box back so it doesn't thaw out on my way back i see a customer put what looks to be a purse on a rack where it doesn't belong and she seen me look at her this is what she said Customer:Yea i'm lazy I don't want to go back to the other side its your job to put it back and you love me for it me: ..... (in my head:WTF was that all about) Customer are funny sometimes
What kind of running gear do you splurge on? What do you save on? Or do you wait for the best deals ever for everything?
"I've said the only way his support would ever drop would be if he was caught on tape committing infanticide. Child rape comes close, but they could probably still find away to excuse it away..."
"LPT: If you find it hard to get going in the morning, throw on some cheery music while you begin your daily routine Preferably something recognizable so you can even sing along. Lately for me, it's been Rich Girl (Hall &amp; Oates) radio on Pandora but everyone is different, find what you like and make every day a good day!"
I don't think that comment was making fun of Vasilli's speech.
Good News: 35% Of Government Workers Might Quit If Trump Wins
The 'o shit' frog on a unicycle.
"It's never used in french, I doubt many kids even know that word."
I wonder what the country would be like if Reagan hadn't granted illegals amnesty
MSI Z170A-G45 Gaming m5 + Beyerdynamic DT 990 PRO Headphones?
No season 4 warning? Was hoping for a season 4 warning announcement but they're not giving it out ):
"No toilet paper. If you do find toilet paper, then you wouldn't buy it anyways because its literally cheaper to wipe your ass with money. Their economic minister (who lasted 1 month) didn't believe in inflation."
Deadpool being Deadpool.
"I can't imagine any scenario in which *Wonder Woman* stirs up *Ghostbusters* (2016) tier controversy, no matter how bad it might be or not be. It's not a remake of a (beloved?) 80s film and it doesn't star actors whom reddit seems to dislike."
I love osu!
Guess the game round 2. From the PC of its day! Another racing game with the best soundtrack of any game ever.
HAVE A SAD CUM BABY
How to sharpen an axe
Already posted.
Public Event Legendary Marks? Did I miss something in the patch notes? I'm not getting Legendary Marks from Public Events any more... Noticed yesterday and just confirmed now. I did receive my legendary engram...
"""The Witch"" is complex, atmospheric, and downright terrifying."
"If I forget the salary, I think I'd pick gaudreau over mathews or eichel any day. Is it a controversial opinion around here ?"
"Another giveaway is how she called him ""sir""."
He saying that people in glass houses shouldn't throw stones. Especially if they live in glass palaces and are chucking stones at people in glass houses.
Mouthwash doesn't clean out the bacteria stuck between the contact points of two teeth. That's why flossing is better than using a toothpick and mouthwash.
"I don't think I can get pissed off about anything more than the term ""manspreading."" Holy shit I wish someone would try and call me out on that."
Are you suggesting the emails arent important?
The DH rule should leave all of baseball.
CYMA S&amp;T!
Are you a manarchist?
So...what exactly are they changing on Kha'Zix? Everyones changes were announced and shown except for Kha's. Anyone know how hes being changed?
He already responded?!? Ha ha ha oh man. He needs a life.
Looking good! Too bad if you build this in MP somebody is going to take it down because they don't believe in balancers...
Article in HuffPost today explaining ... main problem is the anonymity
"I feel like they're going to give him a synergy or multiple synergies that don't necessarily fit a lot of the top tier play styles and that you may not see him in as many lineups. But just speculating, and could be completely wrong (trying to be optimistic that everyone won't use him)."
"Well, I mean, we're discussing Trump's ""policies"". Immigration is probably the issue he's talked about most. His website documents a 10-point plan for immigration. The wall is the first of those ten points, and it literally says he plans to build an *impenetrable physical wall*."
"If you could see 60 seconds through the eyes of any person in history, what person and what 60 seconds would you choose?"
"he lost by 4 million votes, almost double the amount shew won the popular against trump and four times the amount she won the popular against obama"
"Ha!!!! :-D *Approved for submission to The Way, then.* L0L"
The way the interaction was described sounds extremely awkward.
aahhh the good old Ferrari hype... I'd almost get some hope.
Durham cop OK'd to own unlicensed pot shop | Toronto Star
#*If if if if if if okie dokie!*
Yet people have shot many more. Its far easier to get a group full of people with a gun than a car
first thanksgiving where my oldest can't be there. (has to work) its going to be weird
They're actors who are dead to me now. You try to sway the election after it's already been won? You can fucking die alone in your mansion at 90 years old without me having ever seen a movie or television show that you have a prominent part in from this second on.
Trump Reportedly Wants His Kids to Run His Businesses and Get Top-Secret Security Clearance
How tall is ice?
if Sauron took over the kingdoms of middle earth could he then invade the undying lands?
and bomb king who really should have more
"That little pat after he woke up like ""Sorry I woke you up but you've gotta see this buddy"""
b o o b i e s
"it amazes me that JaMarcus Mariota STILL hasn't received his place in the HOF,,, just shows how terrible roger goodell is"
This is Ballack! He's 18 and finally old enough to vote next Tuesday.
Tho I think you could get more out of it if you replace the RDM with Fr0st-EE5
Let's get this shit trending fella. Talk about the ultimate Freudian Slip!?!?
Ziggo en KPN zijn Hitler! Doe ik het zo goed?
Malkovich Malkovich?
r/Israel r/Palestine take note
"Turns out my boss is the 2007 and 2008 NAPA/ASE Technician of the Year, and he's got a pretty sweet ring for it."
You act as if this is the first season Parker has been terrible.
"Could Dak Prescott win both ROY and MVP just on narrative alone? Lower-drafted rookie with little expectation, put into starting lineup due to franchise QB injury, franchise-record win streak, on one of the current top teams and a large market? I'd be against it, but is it possible knowing previous MVP precedents?"
"I wouldn't either. I work in the medical field and I think the secret-Trump voter is very real among my colleagues (AuD's and ENT's) who don't necessarily like Trump, but they dislike him less than they do HRC."
"how much does upward trend matter? gpa on lower end, but a strong trend with last year and a half all a's ( including post bacc) ...gpa low due to family circumstance. how would i explain that w/o making it a sob story?"
"I lost, but my mom won, so I'm definitely getting in on that! So pumped!"
Funny that's super cheap here in Ontario.
I like how any one of the last 9 days would have sunk any presidential candidate of the past 30 years.
"One of their ""leaders"" use to go to my church. He was our dj for big events and was a big part of the church. One day he stopped coming and we saw him doing this. They go all over Portland and do this same thing though. The problem I have with it is that they are just spreading hate. They screamed at our associate pastors mother and called her a whore. They were yelling at all of the women walking into the church and calling them ""sluts with STDs."""
"Welcome back to relevance, Clint!.... in February."
i stopped pre-ordering after buying no man sky!
"Yes, and it's tileable!"
"northstar is what the stryder+plasma railgun was in titanfall 1. a support master in LTS. sit back and just snipe, chip away at enemies. it's frustrating to play against someone that is good using that class. ronin does seem a bit weak. i think it's because he probably has the steepest learning curve. it's not pick up and dominate like tone or legion."
Awww but I wanted to be Army :(
Henrik Sedin Daniel Sedin
I Found Negan pre-apocalypse.
Same here.
4 Player split screen multiplayer.
"Never liked dopey George H.W. Bush.! Look at the mess he has created, he was the one who dragged us to 90s gulf war."
"This Engi called me a noob who only plays spy. To humor him, I switch class"
"Will the ps4 pro give a (noticeably) better experience for the last of us part 2? Hey guys and girls, the announcement of TLOU part 2 finally convinced me to buy a ps4 (i know it will take like another 2 years or more till release, but i'll need one anyways now). Now i'm wondering if the ps4 pro is worth it. Im mainly a pc player, so i would only play exclusives like uncharted and horizon. Also rocket league, and thats about it. I don't have a 4k tv and not planning on buying one soon (got a full hd tv, also a 1440p monitor but those aren't supported afaik) As i could get a normal ps4 pretty cheap now, is the pro version worth the 100-200 extra bucks? I'm kinda buying it just for TLOU, will the game benefit of the better hardware? I know everything with TLOU 2 is more of a speculation thing but i wanted to get some other opinions before buying :)"
"And yet most of the stoner degenerates just say ""fuck trump!"""
Psst. I have info that will lead to Hillary clintons arrest.
"Based on the vote count for this comment, I hope this was copypasta and you didn't put in the effort to make it."
I think USB tethering will only be supported with Note 7 as it has USB-C
"As Trump gets 'unshackled,' Clinton's campaign sweats turnout"
I see HeadToToes. See that he's making up some shit against Ashwin. Downvote.
"*Puts on his robe and apologist hat* ___________________________ Well you see, this is why the translation process was so unique. The words weren't all contained on the plates, but by placing the rocks in a hat God was able to use **technology** to make the letters glow on the rock. The plates were simply like.. a.. uh.. modem? Used to route the words of Gods onto Joseph's iStone. This all totally makes sense if you ignore that this is completely contradictive to the narrative that the church has been telling for 180 years. In the end, all that matters is that the church is true and the book is blue. How the translation occurred isn't important, but it was probably technology and stuff and God's ways are mysterious and... uh... well... why are you asking hard questions anyway? Just go to Sunday School and read the teachings of some guy with a beard and how that one time he helped a widow. I mean that obviously makes the church true. No, you can't pass the sacrament or attend Bearded Young University with a beard. I told you, stop asking the hard questions."
"Illaoi is what happens when you travel back in time, and give the 2009 devs 2015 tech."
Browns fan? :-p
The last six days proved Donald Trump is dangerously unfit for the presidency
Play Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare for Free From December 15-20
Dell laptop thermal paste.
Fishing bubble spots
"Woah woah woah man, back up. You think Trump read the op-ed? I was thinking something like.. Twitter cliff's notes, Twiff's notes, if you will."
Is there a way to get this if I didn't go to fan fest? D:
Shohei Ohtani was named the best pitcher *and* the best DH in NPB's Pacific League
Who does this??
"35 wins is a lot more than anyone expected and totally within the realm of possibility. and we beat the nuggets the last game too, if you exclude the waning minutes of the last quarter."
Gamer of Thrones
Best superpower ever!
Building rockets will never be cheaper than building satellites and have them launched by the government.
You won't have to pay out of state because every pays 30k after scholarships. That said I understand waco is a dry county. How far do you typically have to drive to acquire beer?
"You literally said in your post: ""I don't want him to give random people the ability to feature and star levels."" Wtf."
Oops
"Chiefs RB Jamaal Charles' knee surgery today went as well as expected, I'm told. So much so, there is a shot to come back this year."
Cadence horn is best horn! After duck horn of course.
"Who funded the RA, lad. And who is funding the Dissidents today? Stay on point ya boy ye."
A lot of cheering for being in cleveland. Cubs fans get around well?
more people play on UMG these days as opposed to GBs?
"So, um, politics. Um. Shampoo and conditioner is working for ya, Cindy. *internally cringes*"
So nature *is* metal!
"*We did it, Reddit!* I'll copy and paste them into a full story in a bit!"
"Millennial parents of Reddit, what career paths do you hope your children take knowing what you know of the economy and its future?"
"God Damnit! Well, see you on quickplay."
Holiday Gem Storm.
Wikileaks-Russia-Trump Media Ecosystem Explained
I bet any money Trump sucks at Golf. Like comically bad.
"NYPD, Secret Service Detain Williamsburg Bargoer For Vaguely Threatening Trump Joke"
"""The way I see it, this was a win for Donald"" ""This is good for Bitcoin"""
"It really bugs me where I live. I'm in an apartment with shitty copper, get 6/1mbps at best. About 300m away from my apartment in the rich suburbs of Ascot and Hamilton with their million dollar plus houses they were some of the first to get FTTP rolled out, but us plebs over in the cheaper higher density suburbs closer to the city? Well fuck you, you can wait a decade to get the inferior product."
"Why are the media and fans already crowning hackenberg a bust? I'm speaking as someone who hated the pick, but give the poor kid a break. We all knew he was a project who needed to be fixed, so why is everyone actlng like drafting a project is a bad thing?"
Teleportstion? Sliding? Its about as tricky as Loki.
"More for coordinating in between rounds, you can opt to let the 'select battlerite' timer tick down while you talk with your teammate and then lock in your battlerite when yall are done discussing."
Did any of them mention fixing the issue with the amount of blighted properties?
"Down by 3, I have ebron going tomorrow night, opponent has zeke. Should I start demaryious or tyreek? I'm thinking there's no way zeke plays the whole game so should I go safe with demaryious?"
"The bot lane has too much control of a game and needs to be nerfed. There isn't a point ganking anywhere else, if your bot lane gets crushed, your towers and objectives go to the enemy team."
Interesting. I wonder if there's still books around with everything together.
There were two candidates running. One was a septgenarian socialist.
WH admits HRC may have accidentally given ISIS $400 via IRAN payments
Just skip the lid altogether. Just makes a drippy mess.
What's better if you're short?
My Halloween Costume the Basket of Deplorables
sv_timebetweenducks
One day someone will have to explain to me the positive side of statute of limitations.
didn't sound like a joke tbh. I wouldn't be surprised if it were true
That just makes no sense. Self-inflicted because they're peaceful? Who taught you logic?
"I doubt that's what's happening. The Clintons aren't likable, but they sure aren't stupid either. They know announcing candidacy for Chelsea this close to her mom's loss would set her up for failure right out of the gate. They're more likely to thank their donors, continue to shake them upside down by their ankles to fund some senate races in 2018 and make excuses for why she lost."
Wilson being considered for top national security job
"Please don't use Exchanges for long-term storage of bitcoin or fiat currency. Exchanges are great for actively trading bitcoins, but they are extremely dangerous for long-term storage of bitcoins or fiat currency. Anything you store there could be gone in 60 seconds."
I actually think obesity is gonna trend down. I think enough people are now aware it's a bad thing
Im going to roleplay as JamieCanister. You can't stop me.
so nothing new?
seriously! I'm thinking valentines might be the most likely to get double candy next. Otherwise I wouldn't bet on it till next Halloween.
Why? It is better then COD4.
Three-time NBA MVP Malone dies at age 60
It had an engine (at full throttle) and way less wind resistance than a flailing dude
(Washburn) Amir Johnson hit four 3-pointers in his first SEVEN NBA seasons. He has four in the 3Q tonight. #Celtics #Bulls
"Veg time was 40 days, which shouldve been more like 30, but I broke a stem and had to wait for the growth to come back. Total flowering time was 70 days."
"He means that both sounds, from the game and the ad, were playing at the same time."
Will an fx 8350 bottleneck a gtx 1070?
"Stuff I could easily find on Altavista 10 years ago. Nothing really shocked me but one was really disgusting: a tutorial on how to cut your own nuts and prepare them to eat. That really grossed me out. Oh, and don't even look for porn.. You might see the most fucked up stuff you'll ever see (naked 8yo, snuff, really fucked up BSDM)"
"I'm voting for Stein (you're welcome I think), and most of us are well aware who the media serves. The establishment, aka Hillary Rotten Clinton. Progressives may despise her more than right-wingers do, I can almost guarantee that. Also, thanks for your service."
"I can't think of any alerts that offer more stuff than regular missions, they just offer a guaranteed drop that you don't have to fight RNG for."
Thanks man owe you big time. But they say EMS are 100% taxable because it is more priority than the standard.
Where I live we have stupid roundabouts which make people in the roundabout stop for traffic entering the roundabout.
Those are quite nice but it doesn't answer why you are lazy
I think it's too lenient. Count yourself lucky
"Just a small correction, FalleN's clutch was a 1v4."
"Beaulieu looked good tonight. Really simplified his game and did not try to skate with the puck too much. That said, come the playoffs (fingers crossed) he is not there IMO. Maybe he improves a bunch but we may want to outsource that which will make filling out the top six a little tough."
WSJ reports the CLINTON CASH BOOK and SECRET RECORDINGS lead to INVESTIGATION of the CLINTON FOUNDATION starting summer 2015. DOJ officials attempted to SQUASH the FBI's efforts leading into the 2016 election!!!
Wow! How many people did they expect out?
The guy seems quite small
Did your grandma turn blond or is the first picture just oddly lit.
"Saan po pwede manood ng sexy dancers dito sa manila? Kahit hindi po nude . Yung okay lang tumambay , uminom ng beer and manood ng nagsasayaw?"
"Was that sub ever good, or was it always a bunch of edgelords going ""Lol! Triggered?"""
"""Tread lightly youngblood"""
Many smart people ask him about it. Believe me.
"""Play it cool; play it cool. She sat down on my good side"""
"Do you guys need to watch movie multiple times to understand underlying meanings behing them? I don't know for you guys, but generally, the first time seeing the movie is for me only meant for emotionnal connexion with the movie. I only focus on the emotions this movie gives me. It only the second time that I use to focus on the underlying meaning of the movie and the metaphors and stuff like that. Are you guys like that too?"
Why u compare apple and pear?
Which game?
What was your Shortest Job period you ever had? Could be from lasting a few months to not making it through orientation.
Tom Ford 'didn't realise homosexuality existed' until he was 17
"I can't even spell commonly used words right, you're asking too much of me"
electro wizard is weak :/
Check the fridge and see if we have any OJ. That'll take care of that.
Yes - we had some technical issues last night with that system so have taken it down currently. We are hoping to have it back up as soon as we can.
How much are the amulets worth?
I like the rainbow and gold one because they're so noticeable. I just don't happen to notice the waterfall one. Someone in-game told me I needed every day. At least you were smarter than me and read the update lol.
Yeah it's broken just did 2 more clues than I should have been able to do.
Good! They also interviewed a republican AZ guy who said he was writing in McMullen. Propaganda!
"I hope you're correct. There's some really seriously messed up people on his side of the fence. It's a big tent with white supremacists, oath keepers, militia members, and a lot of people convinced that their family's and the country's safety depends on Trump's election. Such fearrul rhetoric in a populist movement can be a powder keg."
Is Singtel's home Internet down? My friend's and my Internet connection just died. Both on Singtel. :( was midway through an Overwatch game. Is anyone else's Internet down too?
"""The Germans bombed Pearl Harbor"" Not sure if quality shitposting or shitty shitposting"
What is my extra risk by not paying extra to guarantee it?
Intel Kaby Lake CPU pricing leak
"Oh I know, but it was probably the most douchey thing I've ever done"
Furnace needs a hitpoint reduction.
The woman who harassed Hugh Mungus responds (x-post h3h3productions)
The chances that you are actually 6% bodyfat is slim lol.
This video never gets old!
I just want to try a baconator with the sriracha bun.
"I'll be downstairs chilling in the kitchen when my mum cooks for a good half hour, and she won't say a word... Until I walk away and I'm half way up the stairs"
"He's a kid from her group project that started texting her individually. He's bragging about his grade in a class, offering her tutoring sessions, and he said ""I really want to hear you cuss me out in Spanish."" Verdict?"
"I have a friend who will most likely be going to prison soon. He has a lot of knee problems, and with previous surgeries he's been prescribed vicodin. After years of no problems his knee flared up again, and he got two vicodin from a friend - in case it got really bad. Yeah, idiotic, but not much more than that. He gets stopped for speeding. They search his car and find the two pills. His lawyer says he'll probably get a minimum of six months in prison."
I'm sorry for your loss.
Double bepis
They have an anecdote that's pretty much accepted to be completely made up long after it was supposedly said.
Still cheaper than I thought it would be
Daily Discussion Thread (12/6/16)
maybe the lesson should have been to not get over involved in a global economy
"Neeley Who? Is it me, or is Neeley irritating anyone else on twitter? During the house, she barely spoke a word and now that she's behind a screen she can 'call everyone out'. Hmmm kinda pathetic if you ask me. She is in no position to criticize anyone in the game, because she easily played one of the worst games this season (next to her pal Kryssie). Neeley was also the BIGGEST disappointments this season. When I saw her preseaon interview I was expecting DaVonee 2.0 but we ended up getting a Petty Kathy. Goes to show which side of the house is less spiteful (BS, Scott, etc)."
Did you guys have some problems with your back ? Has it actually made you feel better ? Like if I use it for a certain amount of time and then do an MRI will the bulge receed ?
"Maaaan, animals are SUCH better people than people... *heads back over to r/natureismetal *"
It's like a game of peekaboo.
Nope. Turns out taking Lester out was the mistake.
legit jackets don't have cut off text
Wonder if a sword but would kill a smashing Titan. Instead of deflect just swipe his ass. Idk how viable this would be haha
"The dry strip in the middle of the field is called the pitch. Field, however, is field."
"Mark Henry with some nice words regarding McGregor here, says: ""He has some of the slickest hands I've ever seen in MMA."""
Sarkozy urges special courts and facilities to detain potential terrorism suspects | French presidential candidate suggests those who regularly visit jihadist websites be preventively put in detention
"I just saw this in my Facebook feed as well. In mine, the poster commented with, ""So true, nice guys like me finish last."""
"As a person who doesn't want kids and I tell people ""I really only like other people's kids"", I hear this far too often."
"He hasn't - and I told Art that. I'm not sure he believes me. I thin you've pinponted exactly what bugs Art about the situation, however. I just don't see how it warrants all of this. Sigh."
"God damn you are gullible. Btw, you don't know how taxes work. For the simple minded though: He gets audited every year and has yet to go to prison for tax evasion, which is the end of the discussion ultimately. Why would anyone pay more taxes then they have to? We do the best we can within the rules we are given, pretty fucking obvious/common sense business practice dontcha think?"
"Considering Sasha took the most brutal bumps in the match I'm not sure how scared WWE was for Sasha. 3 table spots, a sidewalk slam into a chair and a monkey flip into the cage wasn't enough? Did he want her to die in the match?"
Curry in a Hurry
"Really shows that glass ceiling is a real thing. We have a narcissistic clown saying nothing, and Hillary saying complex and well thought out points, and almost half of people are still siding with the clown."
Or that this is a pro-clinton subreddit. I personally know people from all walks of life that support trump for different reasons.
Dog before and after being called a good boy
Don't like the wheels sorry mate
which platform?
"If Bernie had won, then Bloomberg would have likely joined the race and split out the moderate Dems. Sorry, but there are tons of lifelong Dem voters who would never have gotten on board with a candidate who openly praised Castro."
"How on every cop show EVERY crime has fingerprints and it takes mere moments for them to run the prints and get an instant match. No. You only find prints, like 20% of the time. You have to run it through AFIS or IAFIS which runs it through thousands and thousands of documented fingerprints here in the US or internationally, depending which system you run it through. After it's been narrowed down from there, then an actual person has to look at the fingerprints. You need like 100 points of comparison for it to be a ""match"". Even then, because there is no census or scientific backing to determine that a fingerprint is unique to a person, this evidence is being thrown out in court."
"that's a good idea. i should do a better job of tracking my spends on strippers. it's one of my few vices, and i keep it in bounds, but tracking it better would make sense."
"The ACLU member who got arrested was black, so I'm not sure what you're talking about."
Really? I think all of the singles he's released so far have been amazing. I hope the whole album is just as consistent.
TIFU told my boyfriend im not voting for trump. He broke up with me
And that's where... we found... this boy.
Mini dp to dp does not work for me along with many others through the link box. I use hdmi for vive and hdmi to dvi for monitor.
"New disenchanting bug, please fix immediately"
They used to have these all over San Diego county until like fifteen years ago. I heard they closed a bunch down because people were getting sick. I can only think of one that's left.
Also on my way back from taco bell I drove past what looked like the aftermath of a shooting. Never change boulevard
"Amazon is coming to Australia in 2017: ""We are going to destroy the retail environment in Australia."""
"Added flair per rule 3 and approved (though, in the future, please don't begin your titles with the word ""just"")"
A friend just posted this on facebook..
retards travel in packs
Why do you actively choose not to wear the Poppy? If you choose not to (Try to be respectful of peoples reasons)
This. Would pretty much go against the teachings of the Templars and maybe even the Chantry.
Can i cut 3 'pins' off so it fits in motherboard ?
CR7 is the master of useless tricks. Like he used to do 10 step overs without getting past anybody.
Amazing!
"I have a dream of a smart phone with a battery that lasts 3 days. Not slimmer, not an iPad mini sized screen, not 1 TB of storage, or a screen with so many pixels you can accurately depict sand from 1 inch away. Just a giant battery...bigger, longer lasting battery. That's my dream. My phone was at 7% at 8pm. I charge it to 70% and it's about deal 4 hours later. Just put in a bigger battery."
"it was actually really fun, 90% cdr, infinite mana, only use her 1 and 4, and going back to the fountain didnt restore health."
"Oh sure, give him a medal for going out to pee in public. When I do it, it's a public indecency charge and a fine, when this guy does it, he ""discovers oldest evidence of Aboriginal settlement""."
"4 years from now, remember today's reactions from those on the left. Remember that they called us all racist, sexist, homophobes. Remember that they called for assassination attempts. Remember the fear and hate they spewed. And then go vote for Trump again."
"LOL, that's one of the funniest damn replies I've gotten but it just leaves me with one question, the fuck does a Japanese whore look like?"
"Williams last scene is similar to another characters... In the final scene where William kills every member of Logan's army, we see that each and every one of the hosts were hideously maimed or dismembered by one limb. Earlier in the season, Teddy mentions that this is exactly how Wyatt operates. William = Wyatt is a longshot, and there's probably evidence disproving it (ignoring current unconfirmed theories) - but i dont think its purely coincidental he chose to dismember them all."
Conor The Crusher crushed by a kid
Daughter surprises her step dad with adoption papers on his birthday
Can also get water into the bearings where you dont want it. The bike wash solutions or degreasers are best.
MAYBE
"So basically force people to make a choice, regardless of how bad the choices are?"
The Chive Shoot
Battle of the ages!
"ohh , so what is a very good gtx 1080 ?"
"Keeps people vigilant at home. If you're told to recycle and then you go to work and see that they don't recycle, you might think that it is alright to not recycle. In this way, the illusion is kept up and the companies aren't diminishing recycling awareness."
His kit says the complete opposite
Razer made a joke on Twitter and people got offended leading to them taking it down. Here it is
No it doesn't. I've seen it in person. Colours are washed out like every other tn panel.
(fuel) The invading meat
Ive got information on tower 7
Isn't it a general trend that rural areas tend to be more conservative?
The baby needs eye protection
"Makes more sense? It claims to be the *final* revelation, and Mo is the *final* prophet. Straight away that's an invitation to violence."
Classic distracted driving.
I wonder which campaign they are linked to?
It would ravage the WA economy and even do some fair harm to SC.
So.... reddit?
Jeremy Corbyn accuses Theresa May of pursuing the same divisive immigration tactics as Donald Trump - The Labour leader attacked the Prime Minister for failing to 'temper' her welcome to the controversial president
"Fire alarm was pulled in my building, manager is trying to give me the $1000 fine. Last Friday night I threw a small party. There were under 20 people over. The party was going great until the security guard came banging on my door saying that everyone who isn't a resident needs to leave. I thought it was a noise complaint but later found out that someone had pulled the alarm in the elevator. The manager assumes it was someone from my room, but it is a pretty big building full of college students so it really could have been anyone. I genuinely don't think anyone from my party did it. There are a few cameras in the building but none near my room or in my hallway. What should I do exactly to fight this fine? I am speaking with the manager of the building once I get off of work at 5pm today. Thanks for any help ~ Wisconsin, USA"
"[](/bulkbiceps) I am here to ask you one question, and one question only: EXPLOSIONS?"
"I'm sure you can, I wouldn't know how to. It's quite complicated."
I think you're getting down votes because Goku's Japanese voice is terrible.
"Talking about sets, i remember this cm set"
ok...
Hugh get? Hugh get what? THIS MAN IS SEXUALLY HARASSING ME!
To move the cursor? I can't believe I didn't know this about the controller
Stupid tank should have learned how to handle necrotic in heroics.
Low-alltitude collision and crash of 2 P-40s(?)
Climate change is the biggest scam in human history. A manager in the company I work for said this to me.
The Chinese Communist Party devotes a lot of resources towards patrolling their part of the Internet. I can only imagine some of the reactions of their officials when they hear that the Americans have potentially one-upped them in this regard.
For Those Who Thought Ubisoft Nerfing Shotguns Was The Death of Shotguns
"One of my two plants herm'd and pollinated both before i noticed. Help me name the strain! after initially being pretty upset, now I'm trying to look at the silver lining. i wont have to buy seeds for long time and at least i have my own feminized cross strain between Barneys farm Vanilla Kush and Greenhouse seeds Super Lemon Haze, which is kinda cool. The vanilla kush provided the pollen so i have feminized vanilla kush seeds' and something new with SuperLem/VanillaK. So what should i call my new cross? Super Vanilla Haze? Lemon kush? Cat-in-the-hat haze? open to suggestions haha"
If he's actually thinking of fucking other people then why bother being in a committed relationship?
All drugs though? As in all of them?
I was hoping they would grapple the guy too when he got out and started running.
Wait for it... Say what?!
I wonder if anyone was accidentally left off the guest list this time..
And if we don't collapse when brexit goes though but instead do well will you ever admit you're wrong? Works both ways and we are a long way off seeing how it will all work out. Plus I see you don't mention our stock market is now at an all time high.
waiting for somebody to sell the pieces like it's Exodia from yugioh
"Every time I see a post along the line of ""literally unplayable"" I try not to look at it. I usually fail (like this time) and end up looking. 100% of the time I end up being even more disappointed than what I was expecting. Sadly, it's one of the reason I'm not spending much time in r/RocketLeague anymore."
"excitedly yelled 'record that' a little too soon, got too excited"
CNN shows Reagan assassination attempt video while talking about President-Elect Donald Trump. Shut Down CNN!
"No hockey on the Hill in 2017, Heritage Minister's office says - Ottawa"
"If Harper stomped a box of kittens, his supporters would say they were Liberal kittens, and cheer."
"Without explaining the reasoning behind it, what's your inside joke?"
"State-run newspaper, read the article for Christs sake. It is basically a Chinese government mouthpiece."
#FreeJulian removed from Twitter trending. No longer autofills. Replaced by 'Assange' THAT IS TRENDING BECAUSE ITS IN HALF THE ORIGONAL TWEETS!! #THEY ARE NOT EVEN TRYING ANYMORE!!!!
this one
"Did Braden Holtby have one of the best seasons for a goalie in history? Winning the Vezina, Conn Smythe and Cup in one season? He had a .938 Sv% that season, and .940 in the playoffs. That's insane. Holtby doesn't have a season with a sv% of .930, Thomas has two. This shouldn't even be a discussion lol. Thomas was a top 5 goalie during that time and it's not even close."
"Ducks recall Sgarbossa,Cramrossa and Theodore from the Gulls.Assigned Raymond,Sorensen and Larson to the Gulls."
"Hey, having a website, a mailing list, and well, each new thing, will dilute the maintainers time with the project and also may fall beyond of his knowledge - I can totally imagine someone being really good at kernel development having trouble trying to setup a blog - and keep updating it. Also a webserver can cost money - for dealing with mailing lists subscription and other nonstatic sites. I am more interested in an article that points me how to solve some stuff - like these technical stuff - then one that points fingers and run away. Also slides are bad."
"Tulsi Gabbard talks about her new bill, Stop Arming Terrorists Act, on CNN"
"Looking for a piece of railroad rail Title says it all. I've been looking into blacksmithing as a hobby. Last weekend I built up a brake drum forge, but I still need an anvil. I've seen that a lot of people suggest the railroad rail as a cheap first anvil. Do any of you fine people know where to get a piece of rail? Any leads would be appreciated. Thanks!"
Same actually!
No I'm mad at you for what you are saying about people who suspect it may be racially motivated.
I don't know what to say...
"So the Trump campaign is forcing Melania out to suburban Philadelphia to ""court female voters"" Something tells me that they know they're in trouble there"
Oh boy Mike Huckabee already up and insulting Kaine. Calling him a chihuahua. I don't know why Huckabee is even relevant anymore. But CNN are there to show us his dumb tweets. I was so glad to see him and Santorum basically get told to fuck off by their own party in the primaries.
Ironically my Dad suffers from lifelong Tinnitus because of an asshole drill sergeant who wouldn't let him wear ear protection on the shooting range in the Army.
The Elements of Harmony are coming together to save the world with friendship and magic.
My friend offered to let me borrow his truck. Lol. I'm good.
What pantheon do you want to see more of? I really want to see more for the Hindu. They've been out for so long and hardly have any characters to play compared to the Greek. Super excited for the one they're making next year. Hope they expand all of them and leave the Greek alone for a little after Nike and bulk up the rest.
I caught it before he fixed it apparently.
TIL that Egypt can be progressive if we allow public indecency.
"you're* -.-"""
ELI5: Why did certain animals develop poison? I ask this because it seems that every animal who can poison it's enemies with poison bites or barbs are much smaller and incapable of eating or doing anything positive with the corpse of the animal who attacked it. It is just strange to me that animals developed this defense mechanism when it does not seem to benefit them all that much. On top of this are animals able to have retroactive memory that this animal that bit me 3 hours ago caused my death and that future generations of mine should avoid them?
"Ty Blach's Line: 8.0 IP, 6 Ks, 3 H, 1 BB, 0 ER, 2 for 3 batting"
red onion. sometimes called a purple onion.
Fk this community
Basically it looks like I could pick up the Centennial T95 (and maybe some of the bundled garbage?) for ~9200 gold.
Who's your main I for one main androxus but who do you main
"IF IT HADNT BEEN FOR MASKED DOGGO ID ATE APPLE LONG TIME GO, WHERR DID YA COME FROM WHERE DID YA GO, WHERE DID YA COME FROM MASKED DOGGO"
Streamer Paul Cheon Has Wife Draft Vintage Cube For Him. Hilarity ensues.
Well maybe it's next year in China
You throw it off a bridge.
"Being ORM does not ""hurt you."" Literally look at any medical school class -80-90% of applicants are white or Asian. quinnipac had 10% be URM. That means 90% of spots were available to ORM:white students. Just declare your race and earn what you get. I applied as white and I've had absolutely no problems. Your race isn't stopping you."
"Damn, that makes two Bushes leveled by Trump in this campaign."
"Nah Hui people aren't Han, they don't share the same DNA ask any scientist. Stop spreading lies."
"No no, he's a DK not a Demon Hunter. He hasn't""sacrificed everything"". He just came back from heaven to kick more demon ass."
is this sarcasm
So this is the kind of garbage we let in our sub now?
"""Mom, you're ruining this for me"" ""Having you ruined my entire life you slut, now let me have my moment"""
"You should be fine, then. FSB shop can custom make sizes as well."
It's like a gunshot.
What if you evolve them..?
I literally type 140wpm. What jobs are out there that I could use this skill for?
Captain America: Civil War Airport Scene in Lego
*depression triggered*
This is teaching you to be like Trump. Pay attention to deal.
Just checked my cat on purr frequency. Fucker purrs at 38 hertz.
We should keep them. Political memes are high rn.
Bernie would totally smash Trump in the debates!!!11!!!!
Is there a centerfold?
"Like not just killed, but just forgotten like you never existed"
"I have considered buying from eBay for electronics, but after 2 terrible experiences from eBay, i considered Kogan."
"I like how there's no ""Yes"" decision out of the 'picture broadcast' block. What if I'm perfectly happy having my costume plastered all over the internet and airwaves? Oh! And decision blocks should be diamonds, not rectangles. Learn to flowchart."
"If either of these qbs get drafted by Cleveland we don't have this discussion. Football is a team game and your supporting cast dose matter, we see what BB can do with avg qbs. Manning has switched teams and still found success. Brady has had the advantages of staying with the greatest modern coach of football and the achievements speak for themselves. Goat in football is impossible due to change of the game. Only goat in N.F.L imo is Rice and that's because in today's passing league his records still seem impossible to pass."
"Why did God create us? I was having s discussion with a friend who said that. ""Why did God create us?"" I said ""So we could chose him of our own free will, instead of love him like robots."" She replied, ""Ok, but what about the people that don't chose God out of the millions of answers our there? God is willing to create and then eternally torment those who chose the wrong answer? *God hosing to create us fully knowing most won't chose him is sadistic."" Basically, why did God create us and how can this be justified?"
It looks like Terra is pretty angry.
30 pin FireWire 400 FireWire 800 I'm struggling to come up with others. What am I missing?
"Trump: Claims of Russian interference in 2016 race 'ridiculous,' Dems making excuses"
Team Liquid &amp; Na'Vi to face each other in the opening matches for ESL New York
What are the three factors that distinguish a nonprofit OR government stakeholder from a private sector stakeholder?
"My 5 year old figured out the Santa thing, then tooth fairy occurred to him the next day, now he is asking about Jesus and God. As an unbeliever I don't know how to respond without influencing his perspective. How would you respond? My wife is Christian, we attend church together every Sunday, and I love the church community and the family programs there. They even accept that I am an atheist without shunning me from volunteering or participating, reminds me a lot of this place actually. I don't want to push my kids away from faith if I can avoid it, but my son is very shrewd and skeptical by nature. He figured out leprechauns are not real a few months back and the dominoes have just kept falling. He finally came right out and said to me on Tuesday that he doesn't think Jesus and God are real either, because their stories are very magical too, like the others. I did my best to respond to him as charitably as I could on the side of believers, but I just don't know how to address the issue to a (very intelligent) 5 year old. What would you say?"
But the door is green! Why won't it open? 30 minutes wasted.
What's the shittiest thing you've ever done?
Dont be like this... I hold a Freestyle from him and that was his reaction
Awesome stuff not enuf Elena and uc1...f sam
After watching that I can see Trump really taking the run for president seriously just to say fuck you to Obama at his Correspondents dinner.
I agree but it was still obscure. Soldiers would see that and laugh. Everyone else would look right past it.
You member Chewbacca?
Connie Express Video from EGX
"NOV 13 2016, DATE OF THE LIBRARY CARD So November 13 2016 is stamped on the library card, and its coming up very soon. I really hope its a tour announcement or merch/magazine launch. Anything from Frank will be great. I just want one more W before the year ends. PLEASE!"
What a patriot!!
But Westballz is inconsistent!!11
It's always cold up north
I was gonna go this last week but it was 95F. Ridiculous. Any cool shaded areas? Planning on a camp/climb weekend.
Because someone is making money off it
Which one?
"It's really, really good."
That time when you realize you should have put some money on the Cubbies
I'm so happy we have the government to protect us. I definitely trust them to make good judgments with regard to all of my other freedoms.
"""assaultive capabilities"". WTF?"
He is an ADULT
"Relocating from Connecticut I'm looking for feedback on relocation. I'm 30 years old and am Connecticut born and raised. I am potentially relocating to the Houston area for work (The Woodlands) and was wondering how far would my paycheck go amongst lifestyle etc. I'll be making 60K plus bonuses, and here in the northeast that is hard to live off of, but I have also grown accustom to a higher quality of lifestyle and was told by some that I would sacrifice that a bit by moving down there. My biggest question there is, is that really true? I have never been to Texas but am dying to try new things and explore life outside of the box that is the northeast, not to mention escape the winters. Any feedback that one can give on relocating to the Houston area would be super! Keep in mind, more specifically I'll be relocating to The Woodlands as work had told me outside the loop would be the best place to live commute wise."
Not even full size candy bars at the White House? Im coming back later with some toilet paper and eggs...
"Honestly, if there is one studio I trust, it's Rockstar. Will pre order. Twice, just to spite you."
The Aids maybe?
"Security guard shoots, kills man attempting to ram vehicle into crowd in Ensley"
i was hoping someone could datamine the new update and check for sales!
A magic trick
This is what we're up against. I've never seen cognitive dissonance levels this high.
"Honestly, if you're watching half a season in one go then you're probably going to skip the theme after hearing it once or twice."
To me Lanny will always be a Flame.
Did they ever actually use it?
Complain?
China's at it again...
"Of course they did. It also came out that they have been explicitly targeting the black population for denial of voting rights. The Republican Party is deeply, deeply racist and steeped in the idea that the only votes that should really count are rich white conservatives. That's why they're so upset by ""those people"" voting in the inner cities."
"Hmmm, I'm unaware of the sport in which the Pakers play, do you mind enlightening me?"
"Dizz on Twitter: UFC cancelled a string of Belfort's interviews, including ESPN affiliates. The word is he's not having the best of weight cuts."
Making my way downtown
"If I have sons I won't be circumcizing them, but I don't see why you'd announce the status of your son's dick to the world."
Why the fuck would anyone join the fight club when it's just one dude punching himself in a parking lot...
Ousmane Dembele goal against M'gladbach (3-1)
You remind me of my very introverted shy sister. Anyone that was a friendly outgoing person was 'attention seeking and obnoxious' I think their own ability to socialize and have a good time made her feel bad about herself.
Only if the standard 4 can manage it. There has to be parity in multiplayer games.
Babby is formed via secks.
Sounds like you know from experience. Congrats on having your kids taken away from you!
"how do you expect to get a social life without trying lmao, just go join a club or something. start dressing better, get a decent haircut, make an effort to talk to people. it's really not hard."
"I will keep that in mind, thanks for the tip! For the gamecube i think im just going to go for exclusives anyway, with exceptions being made for something like resident evil 4 which started there :)"
Ya I was confused when I read that. It's not like people go to weed speakeasys
"Should I keep promoting my Darkest Night team, save for Christmas packs ,or buy lanterns for Jessica Cruz?"
That's destruction of others' property. Not cool.
"PSA Shit's going to get real the next few days. Liberals and media are going to be going extra bat shit over the weekend and into the election. Lies, spin, are going to multiply exponentially. Why because they know they are losing, and are panicking."
If you add .jpg to the end of gyazo links it will make people like you more :4
Split push tank.... That's what this card is intended for. Should enable some interesting decks. Better buff the knight now..
"""Believe in my God or die"" is their idea of choice."
"Ironic that he should call the video ""what on earth?""..."
To play devils advocate that text message was at 6:30 pm. He did say at the END of the night he was planning on keeping the original team. I would presume that the conversation continued until around 8-9 pm at the least. who's to say what was said? Naturally weak3n won't show the texts if they don't suit his story. /end devils advocate - I don't actually care one way or the other LoL
"What's the best trade you made all season? I traded away Gio, James White, and Quincy Enunwa for a hurt Rawls and Dez. At the time everyone called it dumb, but I traded away only bench players and it ended up paying off towards the end of the season. The week of the trade I was going to start enunwa, but instead started Tyrell williams which ended up giving me a win."
"Thousands rail against Trump: Protesters march on 101 Freeway in L.A., burn Trump's head in effigy"
"He's using IGE, I don't think civ 6 has anything remotely close to that."
"Does anyone like shredded chicken? I dont like it at all, I feel like the beefy mini quesdilla is way better than the shredded chicken one. And the chicken burrito and chicken taco should automatically be regular chicken, not shredded. The shredded chicken has no flavor and the texture is terrible in my opinion."
"You're going to get shit for: 1. being a ravens fan 2. wearing a jersey that's for a team not even there. How you react will determine how you are treated. Being that it's not game against the ravens, I would take it as you going out of your way to say fuck you to all the fans. But that's just me."
A Wald front basket and light question
"Ahh things have not changed. Is it still in Pleasant Hall? I always found that ironic, as it was in fact the most unpleasant place."
It definitely deserves it. One of my favourites of this year
Fiction isn't real but it's effect on people is. Propaganda is a thing you know..
Automatico doesn't need a nerf. It's only effective at very close range.
"Haha, the excitement in your comment. I ordered some things too, this is cool!"
So we're doing friends hit by discs?(NSFW/Pretty gross)
us console peasants however :(
Tesla bans customers from using autonomous cars to earn money ride-sharing; Self-driving Teslas only allowed to carry paying customers through Tesla Network
That's the best part about our generation. We have the internet and youtube videos to help us with almost anything.
"Well she's not American if that's what you mean, but she isn't sickly skinny or anything.. She's fine."
"Garret Sparks: ""I feel like I'm watching one of the 99 overall created player's I used to make in NHL 2002"""
Did you get banned or just lose your communications?
Guru meme...
We've all been there guys...
"not enough people had the app installed. Now you can't use chat, TONS of people have installed the app, and that's TONS more microphone and GPS and contacts details to farm."
"He's a human, but he's not like us"
Doesn't work
Good intentions!
"What if everyone of us citizens went out on Tuesday and voted in only third party candidates? Then we would have a choice wouldn't we? Neither Trump nor Clinton would win. It is the lying media manipulating you into this false ""choice""."
Kid in the fridge
"Anyone else sorta bothered by how it's ""trendy"" to have a trans friend? I'm in high school, and kinda-sorta openly trans. Like, i don't go around telling everyone, but i'm starting to change up my style a bit, and anyone would figure it out if they just asked around, so it's kinda common knowledge. And ever since i've started to make those changes to my outward appearance, a bunch of 'popular' girls have gone out of their way to talk to me. And that's great, but i've become a trend in my school. And it kinda throws me off. My trans friends say they've also experienced this, so i was wondering if anyone here had some thoughts."
"Okay stop. The Democratic party skews statistics like those of gun violence to push their narratives and policies. They hate opposing view points. Republicans believe in science, facts, and most importantly justice. I'm non-partisan and I know this. How about you talk to more people than just the ones inside your party."
SUICIDEBOYS - Eternal Grey
"We do have tax payer funded high school. It's not unrealistic to expect our government to step in and offer some higher levels of education to the public now that the world requires a more highly trained work force to complete. College might not be the best fit though, there are vocational programs that help train skilled workers."
Seems good. This would pave the way for male only businesses.
4K PCMR Wallpaper
"It comes out ahead on that list because it has a 4.4ghz stock boost clock vs the 6700k's 4.2ghz stock boost, and its a single core benchmark which means it can boost all the way up to 4.4ghz. In overall power and clock per clock tests the newer chips edge it out, but because its so fast from the factory its just stood up against everything newer that has more optimized cores but slower speeds."
"On the other hand, the country outside of every other state supports Hillary. Just saying."
wow.. im so dumb
"Pittsburgh opens as a 4.5-point favorite over Penn State, rivalry resumes Saturday at Heinz Field"
"Happy Birthday to the Dark Lord himself, Nick Saban!"
Good thing they gave 2 more hours.
"I don't know, sometimes trilogies work out. I liked all three Indiana Jones movies."
"I think most people take issue with how the animal is treated prior to becoming lunch than what the animal was. Could care less if you eat a dog or not, do care if you beat the dog prior to eating culling it."
it's still incredibly reckless and insane action...
WELCOME TO MY NIGHTMARE LEVEL MUHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA. Hope you guys enjoy! :D
"I think its just blue, white, and striped marlin that have to be left in the water."
@astros: The #Astros have claimed outfielder Nori Aoki off waivers from the Seattle Mariners.
How has Mkhirthayan looked?
Turns out white people don't like when you call black people apes either.
"""He Could've Been Summoning The Spirit Bomb!"""
3 is the magic number
"I did. Even mixed with 100% status corrosive which disintegrated bodies upon impact, they still can see the 'bodies' on empty floor. What logic is that?"
I don't think I can trust someone who designed me needing to do 4 or 5 actions to get to my own library. I understand you want me to discover weekly and listen to a radio you suggested. But I saved those songs because I like them.
elaborate?
Have literally never heard of that game
"Anonymous sources, according to Fox and RealClearPolitics. Well I'm convinced."
"Hold on, so what exactly is the purpose for this device? Is it for the LOLZ or is there something I'm missing?"
Trump name to be removed from 3 Manhattan apartment building
"I could say the same about Saudi Arabia, Turkey and Pakistan... But then again they're major US 'allies' and presently the Philippines isn't."
Sammy Watkins ruled out for Sunday
welp turned out to be right
"Tennessee Wants To Shut Down This Beauty And Health App For Offering ""Highly Disturbing"" Competition"
Taxes
I thought Kristen Bell was the girl from Twilight. TIL
"Oh I know, but the necklace idea was so far out in left field from anything I've ever heard, I figured there must be some weird cartoon or religious practice somewhere that incorporates baby teeth. Mad Max characters, probably. I was kinda hoping to turn the first lost tooth into a science experiment."
I can't tell if you are Santal
"The Worst ""Got Talent"" Judges Go on a Power Trip"
"That does not make it right. You cannot vindicate something wrong done in the past, just because it had some positive side effect in the future."
I wonder how that would have turned out...
The Big Read: Angela Cullen - The Kiwi who looks after Formula 1 superstar Lewis Hamilton - Sport - NZ Herald News
United States Grand Prix Driver of the Day is Max Verstappen.
Then shortly after calls for a divinely mandated monarchy.
"Psychopath- a person suffering from chronic mental disorder with abnormal or violent social behavior. Sociopath- a person with a personality disorder manifesting itself in extreme antisocial attitudes and behavior and a lack of conscience. they are, in a nut shell, the same. Only difference is how you get there... or if the person evaluating you is a sociologist or psychologist"
"Rise of the Alt-Left: After This, the Deluge"
I get all my political worldviews from people who were born in 1874 and died during the civil rights movement
Blasphemy!!! Using cover in a cover based shooter.
"In the first place, the idea of uploading one's *self* to a machine is pure fantasy, one which fails to appreciate the fantastic complexity of the brain which gives rise to it. Secondly, if such were ever possible, it would not change a thing for *you*, because *you* will still die and be no more. All that would exist in the machine is a copy."
Miley Cyrus lets fans rub her vagina during live performance
"na Bernier is still the frontrunner, Chong might fade into irrelevancy though..."
BNP Paribas: Why you should stop buying index funds now
So what is .1mpg?
Always nixe to be OEM for industrial IT. I present you 8 x Titan X(M).
fuck i miss having these numbers
"TIL Nikola Tesla once paid an overdue hotel bill with a 'working model' of his 'death beam'. He warned the management never to open it without taking proper precautions to avoid detonation. After his death in 1943, the box was pried open &amp; they found nothing but a bunch of old lab components"
What beat is this from? Sounds familiar
100% predicted
"Yup, but it seems is never enforced. This and lifting a truck to the point where it's bumper would never reasonably come in contact with the bumper of another vehicle during a collision. Shit irritates me a lot."
"Looking into buying my first car in Indiana. I can spend around $2000. Where should I look? Craigslist or local used car dealerships? What should I watch out for? Any tips on picking a reliable car? How much wiggle room do I have between the sticker price and what they would take in cash at a used car dealership? Would a vw beetle be a bad choice? I also really like Jeeps. I found a subaru forester on Craigslist that i really liked, but dont know anything about that car. Any tips are welcomed!"
Fuck the cunt who came up with the idea of *teaser* trailers..
"I'm talking just the computers itself. I'm fine with them having some sort of return but it can't be 50% or up, that's outrageous"
Oh I wasnt sure with the previa. My friend had complete previa and had to have a csection.
"David Sirota on Twitter: ""Clinton secured 9/11 recovery tax breaks that then subsidized a $2B bldg for Goldman Sachs"""
Try Ralphs?
"Yeah, I think the pro just gave it a little bit more power to hide any flaws in the game engine."
"My sister's specialty, carrot cake"
If you had two copies of the same power evo in your hand I'd play it since it'll bait out an evo orb or premium removal to give you parity on the next turn. Nobody can resist removing an unevolved warrior or floral.
"Yeah seems to be there logical solution, usually at that point in building my base I don't have that much metal though."
I'm 21 pls send me your extra hundreds
Matt Williams out as third base coach
An innovative way of trying to get tit pics
All aboard the Watamote train.
"Yeah, i know what you mean, one of the reasons why its so hard to read him. Now its even harder since he accomplished his main goal. I was hoping the straw hats influence would open him up alittle. Thats true, its just speculation at this point. Hes slowly losing that poker face around the straw hats."
1. Extra income 2.Protection from illegal mods/hacks
Well thats basically how WW1 started.
"It's gotten worse, they refer to them as female organisms now. That's not even a joke. I've lurked there recently and it's now a thing to refer to them as biologically as possible. ""I long to feel the touch of the female organism"". It's seriously creepy."
You overthrew democratically elected leaders and introduced tyrannical dictators more often than the other way around.
Boy can I ever relate to this.
Eighty per cent of success...
And Colorado didn't have Tim Howard
For who?
wave:selling lobbies
"It really is a shame that they killed The Other so off-handedly. I get that he wasn't exactly much of a vivid character, but it would have been nice for him to keep serving as an extended presence for Thanos throughout the rest of the road to Infinity War. Not to mention seeing Whedon's fingerprints on the MCU carry forward even after his departure would've been cool :)"
"Green Party conference: Britain did not quit EU over immigration, departing leader Natalie Bennett insists"
you can get 1 attack xp if you can deal .25 damage
Ahmad Rahami in Custody After Shootout with Police in NJ
What the fuck is the point of 2xp if you disconnect almost every game and lose all progress? I absolutely love this game but that is a load of shit. I'm sure there are 300 topics like this but fuck me I'm a level 29 who should almost be 40. Are they going to change this?
This team loves throwing rounds away man
No but that would work for Nola. I live by the beach my flag has a palmetto tree on it.
What video game enemies do you find most memorable?
Twisted notions like draining corruption out of DC? Why do you people stick up for these crooks?
"Whereas Hillary responds in a confident blabber that puts listeners into a bored stupor, and then ends by shouting a pandering catchphrase. This is the technique of the 11th-grade stoner who knows how to mislead an audience."
"If I spend a few hours edging, I can hit the ceiling."
Sick of all the mid-range shamans?! I have the perfect solution... ...just play freeze mage! Suddenly they're all gone and literally all you're facing is control warriors.
So I asked Gabe if he would take a photo holding our Minigun Computer....
Oh fuck me I totally forgot Megatron retired. Damn.
"Also notable is that when a native Hawaiian broke a law punishable by death, they could flee to this temple and a priest would absolve them of the crime."
Good plan. Scully and I will be at my place by the fireplace waiting for Mulder to call.
Interesting. It will be exciting if this breaks out of the right wing news gravity well.
"False I use either GoHo or HGHB with 4 bowlers in the CC as a max th8. It works very well, especially as a war player in a high level clan (level 12) I am able to get max bowlers easily."
"So it's hard to buy, hard to rent, hard to find a job, and wages have stagnated. Or so everyone around he says. I'm just wondering how this city is still functioning then if this is the case?"
Why are there so many guys in my quickmatch? It seems like every 15th or so profile is a guy. Is there a reason for this?
Please everyone go see it. This movie deserves every dollar it can get. (Just got out of screening.) I'm considering going second time which I rarely ever do with any movie these days.
Happy National Sammich Day!!!!!!
"You'd like to think so, but the owners always have a say."
Wlison has 5 td's 2ints while Carr has 17 td's and 3 ints.
"It is rare that users acting in good faith serially break our civility rules. As for young accounts this will actually have the opposite effect than you think - many more young accounts will now be reported by us to admins, meaning the user behind them is far more likely to be permanently barred from Reddit use."
I caucused for Bernie and he won my state. You are talking about internal party politics and we are talking about systematic voter suppression done by public officials ala Jim Crow. Very different things.
Is this for gen 6 or 7?
Alright guys I assume this guy has a whole back story
Thats 80k in canada
"wat You fucking shittin me, no way he didn't know that"
"I was responding to ""nobody would be talking about it now""."
Where you at broski
The fuk is ariel wearing?
So you should never ask via text? What if you hardly see her in public? Would you recommend calling?
"don't forget about reddit's ""adjusting the algorithm""."
"That's like saying ""Why aren't I allowed to kill people?! Animals totally do it!"""
The only damn reply that made sense. Thank you so much
You just won the lottery. What's your first purchase?
Katarina passive on LeBlanc would be fun.
He used the super combo on me!
All That Remains - This Calling (2006)
How do I become loveable?
"When I was a teenager I fantasised about being the ""property"" of an older guy in a relationship. How I've never been in an abusive relationship I'll never know but I'm thankful."
Ask Trump about nuclear weapons in debate before it's too late
"Oh, no. We **all** remember. It's pretty much impossible to forget at this point. Hopefully this knowledge dies with us."
"Look guys,the drama needs to stop I don't understand why,but every day there is somebody trying to revive this drama. You're only hurting tf2,not helping it. It's fixed now, so i don't think you need to escalate it any further. I don't even know what you get from drama(except sadistic pleasure,if you're into that kind of stuff)."
i am on android.
At this point I could see them give the knife an underbarrel shotgun
Found the gymnastics club?
There was a hawk trapped in my mudroom today.
What happens if you unzip Donald's hat?
If he turns out to be better than McAvoy... /cries
"for real? In this day and age? Jesus, people."
Domino's
"Spotify 'advertisement' in Bristol, UK"
No. This has been debunked by Robert Kirkman himself.
Holy fuck Chaminade. Can we borrow some of your 3pt shooters?
It is possible to believe both the alt right and regressive left are retarded.
"I think you can be for transparency and keeping governments accountable, but against it when wikileaks releases information without reviewing it properly, particularly when information can get someone killed or jeopardize ongoing intelligence operations. It's foolish to think that something like wikileaks can only be all bad or all good, it's a mix and those who are in control of it should exercise caution when releasing documents."
Again... this is what happens when we allow our own population to grow. The human population has more than doubled in the last 40 years - of course we displace other living things. Anyone who cares about nature or the environment would have limited themselves to one child only and ideally put off having kids until they were at least 26 years of age themselves. We live longer now so we cannot keep having huge families like we did when we would die at the age of 40.
"If you Buy CoD:IW/MWR on the Windows Store, you CAN'T play with players from Steam , only with other players from Windows Store."
I mean its 4chan. It could cure every disease ever and it would still be a net loss.
"Tales of Zestiria, Star Ocean V, Sword Art Online LS or HR $$"
I was going to suggest giving that 50g to the one that got kicked too after I read your comment. Then I realized we're playing WoW and more would troll on purpose just to get that free 50g every 30 mins.
"Could you imagine her excitement that people actually showed up, just before she lost consciousness?"
So much for ladder climb race....
"Teams That Are a Player Away From Going Deep In The Playoffs? So it's simple, which team(s) has to make a move to get a certain player in order to compete for a deep run in the playoffs/winning it all? - Lol honestly I have no realistic idea who can make a splash for a player. If I was just going off the top of my head, I'd say the Clippers. I feel like a decent two-way guard or small forward would help them greatly. - It's late and I can't find energy to look at salaries but *Kent Bazemore*, *Michael Kidd-Gilchrist*, *Solomon Hill* or *Brandon Rush* may be the help needed to make a deep run. I feel like each can contribute and fit on any team that can get the ball in the basket. ***Realistically***, I'd say Bazemore (even though his value went up after a 11/5/2 season) and Rush are more likely to be traded for, rather than Hill and MKG. But who knows, *I certainly don't*. I'm interested to hear your guys' options!"
That's a cool idea for a brawl
Thanks. I was wondering if Comey broke any laws. I guess violating protocols are more controversial than law breaking.
"I mean, early Luther was very much Calvinistic. Bondage of the Will is a Calvinist text lol"
is it just me or do national announcers seem way better now that we are a championship team lol
"Yes Hada, though if you want to drop out anytime just tell a mod."
"I wanted to get a new fence at my house, and I wanted to save money so I took down the old one myself a few days before the contractors came by to build the new one. Came home from work the next day to find a hobo passed out on the back porch. Called the police; they came by, got him to wake up, and moved him along. The officer implied that it was basically my fault for not having a fence. I didn't think that was a fair assessment of the situation, and I still disagree with her. Society functions because we have rules, and I feel that if one class of citizens is given a pass to break those rules (i.e. Hale's homeless policies or the recent verdict in the Malheur case), a dangerous precedent is established."
May have to wait a while with Trump in office and the hiring freezes. Not that it was easy to get a civil servant position before that unless you were a co-op.
Chemo weeks that is?
Idolized Halloween Makoto!
You shot Church! You teamkilling fucktard!
Best/favorite Uncharted villain?
in
I'm a product of the Oakland public schools.
Yeah should have told Franz Ferdinand of Austria that assassinations stop wars.
"I guess that settles it, everyone is out to get the Seahawks."
"No, this is, or should be, a standard for presidential candidates. The problem is that Trump isn't being held to any standards."
"Oh, spirits, what is the first thing i should do in the new Pokemon games?"
Frankly thats bullshit. I do not expect the clinton regime to honor a single promise to his base
This feels pandered to reddit. Because many redditors shit on vegans.
This is how tyranny begins: Why will President Donald Trump continue to hold rallies?
"It's just as they said. Your pipes can leech substances, mostly heavy metals which can include lead."
"Caught a GPS Spoofer ""red handed"" last night..."
"Rebalance the CP? Fix the CP? How about they just replace CP. Why not have the normal Leveling system from the normal Pokemon games? A Pokemon as ""weak"" as Pikachu should be able to take down a dragonite with a high enough level and decent move. I just imagine somebody playing Pokemon Sun and Moon as their first ever Pokemon game other then Pokemon GO and being like ""my fire cat is 5 cp send help"""
"What is something someone does that makes you think, ""You, I like you""?"
"Either 3 game series or no series and the leader gets in the playoffs. This one game deal is not exciting to me and it does not prove who the better team is. Also, it's not the playoffs. Just like the NCAA bball play-in games are NOT part of the 1st round."
"Sadly but reality, Buying packs is a form of gambling."
"Quite possibly the worst idea Hollywood has ever had: A $33,000,000 buddy cop comedy, starring Whoopi Goldberg and.....a dinosaur. Here's the trailer for 1995's ""Theodore Rex"" (Yes, this is actually real)"
And against democracy
"He had *better* make the fucking history books. I want every child in America from this day forward educated and tested on what Donald Trump's campaign was, how it went down, how it came about, what the implications of it were, and why it got this close to happening. I want future generations to study this so that it *never* happens again."
A casual Trump supporter with a casual suggestion.
Decided to go on Omegle posing as a Trump supporter. This was the very first person to pop up.
Remember when tolliver made I think 5/5 from three in preseason and we were all hyped. I don't think he's made a three in regular season
I don't know why you're being down voted. You're actually right. Some people don't want to believe the truth but it is what it is.
Barry Trotz takes a puck to the head 5 seconds into the game
It would be beautiful to see them lose in San Fran.
"""Possible"" hate crime. The cars were torched, sure, but we don't know if the anti-Semitic stuff was meant to be taken *hatefully*."
"That system of fire is pretty annoying What is the problem? Well, let me explain. For example, you have a cannon in center, and your opponent puts MiniPekka. Pewpewpew, and one-shot MP comes to cannon. It should fire to save its live, BUT! Archer tower already sent an arrow, and cannon thinks ""Mmm, MP is going to die from this arrow, (and i am so lazy), i wouldn't shoot"". Arrow velocity is pretty slow, and when it comes to target, MP already cut down that cannon. And during the arrow's flight there was enough time for cannon to shoot and kill that damn MP. But it refuse. Does it annoy only me or there are somebody else?"
Especially when mama comes back to the nest and gives you one with her teeth.
AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Puss popping out of tonsils? O___o
Google looking out for people coming from micro-USB cables going to USBC.
An agency with millions of dollars in funding assigned this task to an intern using MS Paint.
F2P Mage armor OP? Not really.
Steve Corino leaving Ring of Honor So apparently he's leaving in January to be the head trainer at the Performance Center. Anyone know if he'll be around for the January TV Taping and who is replacing him?
"What makes a good ""_____"" player? A good Elise player knows not to blow her load too early."
Bet you can't do it online.
those keys expired.. they weren't stolen at all.
Still have lollipop on my lg Stylo 2 from TracFone :/
"They're looking for ""an entry level candidate"". This normally means they're looking to pay below average, and it will take 2+ years to get to industry standard for that position - but the catch is, you'll be worked just as hard as someone who gets median or above average pay."
"When 9/11 happened, by eldest brother was in his room masturbating when mom burst in. She usually knocks, so he was unprepared. I was only 4, but my mother told me she said 'omg dave, the twin towers are-wait what the fuck'!"
"Please remove the spectator feature Someone must not have had their morning coffee when they approved this idea. I can't count the number of battles I am having with spectators(not mine cause I don't have Facebook linked to this account) and the opponent all of a sudden makes a push with a single card that normally wouldn't make sense to do unless you saw the opponent hand and knew they didn't have a counter ready or saw their elixir counter was one or two elixir too much. Now I know people count elixir and I do that myself. But it's more a rough estimate count not exact, especially the later in a match you go. The feature needs to go. Or there needs to be a 5 second delay added to it so real time viewing is gone."
"They make the hosts well endowed, men and women"
"90% of the time it's just the kid trying to be nice about de-committing and it's really some other reason. I just wish kids wouldn't commit until their recruitment is truly over. In my opinion it's silly to ""commit"" to 3 different schools like a lot of these guys do."
"B1G goes nuts and adds four. UT, OU, KU, and UConn. That's the dream, anyway."
Yeah it's almost as if the person that used it to kill Teresa wiped it down to remove the fingerprints and DNA. Because murderers tend to do that when they don't want to be connected to a murder weapon. I wonder who learned an awful lot about DNA after being exonerated because of it...
Black Friday Sale details up on Storeparser (Change to US for USD$)
The protestants are always with us.
Abstinence is the only acceptable form of contraceptive.
"LF specific smutty(?) Fan Fiction I don't remember a crazy amount about it, but i seem to recall it being sort of smutty with a Harry/Hermione pairing and at one point during it Gabrielle comes into the story and hero worships Harry for saving her life. One scene where they're at Grimault place and Harrys room has a secret door to gabbys/hermiones room. Any response would be appreciated, as it's been bothering me for ages."
"the minions wouldn't be the exact same way they are normally, im thinking minions that are a little stronger with a couple of skills and the items would have actives."
No rails No loml No seeker Wings only Final destination
Weirded out by Utah Came back to Utah to visit family after moving out of state about a year ago and can't help being really weirded out by things here. It's like I'm not in the real world anymore. My wife and I decided that we won't be moving back to Utah soon ;)
11/21 PBE Update
"Okay and why would they feel the need to ""bm"" someone?"
"Is it bad to like more than one team? I am sadly one of those people who like more than one team (3 in total) they are the Pens, the leafs and the stars. You can all hate me if you want."
Wishing everyone a ^^Green ^^&amp; White Christmas ;)
Am straight woman XD
"Meh, nothing wrong with a little shit. I mean if I'm already tounge punching her fart box, I'm already getting some tiny shit flakes anyways."
One of my earliest memories is crashing one into a tree.
"You choose it's role in spire menu, then ""upgrade"" it by hiring up to 6 workers. Some items/research is limited by the number of currently hired."
"Confirmed: CNN's Donna Brazile helped Hillary Clinton cheat in primary debate against Bernie Sanders. New evidence shows Brazile sent ""exact wording"" of proposed debate question to camp Hillary"
"What does ""Guy who looks like rapist"" think? He probably feels like shit."
House of Flacco looks healthy so far. An elite dragon doesn't pull out.
"Michael Moore Warns Men: Your '10,000-Year Reign Is Over'"
"I concur. Respect the office she holds, not the person. Like the saying from down periscope. Rear Admiral Yancy Graham: You watch yourself, Dodge! You are addressing a superior officer. Lt. Comd. Dodge: No... Merely a higher ranking one!"
New 3DS. New 3DS is an improved version of the 3DS with a name that will be terribly confusing once the next handheld comes out.
I wasn't feeling Kendrick's verse at all
This actually hurts me to even look at.
"Charlie Kirk: ""If there was a video showing Trump calling for violence against Clinton supporters, Obama would be calling for a criminal investigation."""
God dammit
"It doesn't. The only way once can get the DLC music is via Itunes, Amazon (as MP3 downloads) or Play Store (or whatever the Android alternative to Itunes is.) There was no physical version released. Huge bummer too, because the 'Ludwig, The Accursed' track gives me a hard-on every time."
"USA: it's normal. But not out of health reason or religious reasons. Mostly out of tradition. Father's have the mindset of ""well his should look like mine right?"""
"Vermont has a total population of ~600k which is smaller than the city I live in, it is mostly white and relatively well off. It's easier to be popular of a small homogenous state than one consisting of millions of people from different racial backgrounds and classes."
You will never find the RCMP do that. Its bad press where there are other matter they can spend time and resource doing. God forbid they break in and did something wrong and kill a kid by accident.
Unreformed Golden World
"What's your least favourite video game boss, and why is it the spider from Metroid: Fusion?"
Not really. Minimum specs are now 64 bit.
"Brilliant, although maybe a decade too late? Most kids have some kind of a device these days?"
"When blacks trash on other blacks, they are a ""field negro"". When white chicks dish on other white chicks, they are enlightened in their lack of privilege."
You could always stop eating meat.
I think what OP means is that our characters pass saving this new guardian at the end of destiny 1 and then at the start of destiny 2 we play as the guardian that we saved.
ew
Also movies glorify encounter killings.
"People who have experienced or been diagnosed with amnesia, what do movies or shows get wrong about it?"
"in fact running DNA for crimes isnt usually running full dna, its just running enough to confirm guilt. The database would likely contain several matches, but those matches could be from the same family and not necessarily a particular individual."
"I babysat Kevin at work One of my ex-colleagues is Kevin. At the time, I was around 25 and he was almost 30. It was his first 'real job' out of college. He apparently grew up in a very sheltered, religious household. His dad is apparently a very high-ranking official in the UN. And due to an unfortunate strings of circumstances, Kevin sat next to me: * Kevin had zero computer skills. As a new employee, the company will issue you the standard computer, 8GB flash drive, along with employee handbook, etc. etc. He refused the flash drive because the size was too small (physically) and he believed it won't have any storage capacity. * So he kept having to borrow my flash drive. He also didn't know how to plug it into his computer and kept complaining that the flash drive is ""broken"". * We're an international company with offices in many countries. So, it goes without saying that we all communicate through email. He drafts EVERY EMAIL (even simple replies) on PAPER and then asks me to proof read it before he sends it out. He works as a COPYWRITER. * He asked me if the ""SEND"" button in Outlook means that his email was sent out. * He has more than once got scammed by those Nigerian Prince emails. He sends them his password when they ask for it. * He likes to google my full name (it's not a common name at all. Only I have it.). He googles it often enough that it pops up every time he types in the first letter of my name on Google. One day, he got so excited and showed it to me because I was ""FAMOUS"" because Google knows my name. * Each month, the housekeeper would walk around and issue out tissue paper to put at our workstation. The first time, he asked me what it was. * He drives the cleaning ladies insane by going into the pantry, use plates and mugs and put them back in the cupboard without washing them. When confronted, his argument was that he'll use it again eventually. * He likes to listen in on conversations. More than once, he would ask me what people in five workstations away were talking about. * He stares at people. ALL. THE. TIME. And stare at your computer screen and comment on what you're working on. * He didn't know how to put staples in staplers. When I helped him with it, his reply: ""Thank you so much. I'm just not used to these new technologies."" * He constantly asks people how much their salary is. * His probation period was extended (understandably. he was still asking me to proofread his emails). When HR told him, he threw a tantrum claiming that they can't do that because he already told his mom that he passed the probation. * He often takes his copywriting work home for his mom to check. This is what I can think of from the top of my head. I'm know there's more as he drove me nuts to the point that I wanted to quit and the Head of HR had to console me. I was his designated babysitter for the duration of his time there. People still joke that one day he might come into the office and shoot everyone. I would be the first to go."
A
meirl
Get a good router you pleb.
source ??
"Damn, I wanted to kill Kaden."
"Texas International Raceway, like Richmond. Chase Elliott has an average of 4 but only one race, I think it was Steve Park with a 8.0 though."
"You'd be right about three months ago, but Ssumday has been not great to say the least. This split was shaky a bit, but playoffs anf Gauntlet was really poor. The reason they didn't show that failure too much was Arrow stepping it up big time. Again, he'll never be a hyper aggressive player, but he was fantastic to end the season. If you want to look at KT, IMO the first two things to look at are mid and support."
"Well that guy is Wilfred de Bruijn. He is French, and was beaten because he was gay."
?
So creepy and the eye moves and shit
*Fireballs Barbarian Hut* **Opponent places Furnace**
HEY GUYS WHAT'S UP TODAY WE'RE GONNA BUILD A TOTALLY AWESOME TRAP...
Have you played wild? Every deck is an N'Zoth deck.
Offline mode
Corporations running the world used to be science fiction
Tell me about the sauce
"The original OP had a good point that I have a hard time disagreeing with. The amount of effort you've put in to potentially get this result isn't worth it, for him. So he figured he might as well just canvas specifically for this and cut out all the small talk and effort in between. It's the effort part that I really have a hard time disagreeing with, how many matches flake out, don't respond to anything, won't carry on a conversation, won't meet up, or aren't interested in what you're looking for (in this case it's a hookup). Whereas if minimal effort potentially affords a result, albiet 5% or less of the time, it's a ... superior method? Idk -"
"Not really, the cooperative survives by getting money from another source. They are not a self-sufficient community. Refugees rent houses paid by UN programs and spend the money they receive as assistance to local shops, plus they do small jobs here and there but the prosperity can only continue if the assistance never stops and new refugees continue comming otherwise they will be in the same fate as the original locals who left."
"If only he had said ""people of"" before, then it would have been OK!"
god damnit every time Pence says something smart Trump says he doesn't support what the fuck is his problem?
Red Sonja Figurine.
Good old cheap Vishera FX-8350/8370 still doing well having i3-6100/ i5-6500 performance with nice leads in cinebench
"Clinton won't budge on mass surveillance stance, leaked emails reveal"
"the camera sucks on that thing, can barely see the clouds."
Najib: Ada matawang lebih buruk prestasi daripada ringgit
"It mainly depends on which company licenses the anime. Funimation dubs mostly everything they have, meanwhile Aniplex and Sentai are selective and dub much less."
I think it was valuable and it was all polished so it looked nice. People would steal it in the night and would use it in the construction of buildings in nearby towns.
Six-seat van carries 51 workers in China
Back when killstreak were feared
"If your t shirt, socks, coffee mug, etc. has a structure on it, it's probably either caffeine, dopamine, or THC, because people are original."
"My kitty Sanda got bitten by a bat, please send help. He is...changing."
Shoutout to Crystal Palace
"Johny Hendricks: ""It's always my fault if I miss weight"""
People out here beating the raid without using guns and I haven't even completed it once yet.
"***Hot***Folks! Julian told us the source of the leak. Its not Russia:UK Ambassador says, Russia is not, I repeat, is not the source of the Wikileaks emails. Now! Who are you going to believe Podesta and Clinton who say Russia is hacking into Podesta's emails or the Ambassador: Remember: SethRich"
"Yeah, triple those gains and we'll be back to 2008 levels."
So...her boyfriend?
"Hate myself for loving this team so much. I just can't help but love the bad guys, that's how I was raised. :')"
Pits out?
What is the most creative insult you can think of?
Men of Reddit. What rule of the bro code do you disagree with?
"Yeah, and for once they might have reported something reasonably interesting."
So to review in the past day Trump: * said exonerating evidence isn't enough to disprove sexual assault * was caught on tape joking about committing sexual assault * has had a case of child rape against him ordered to move forward
what does the blue and violet outline in the portrait mean?
And people call the US a police state...
Nick Di Paolo comes to mind as someone who doesn't fit with any of your generalizations about conservative comedians.
At Universal studios yesterday the actress playing an Egyptian woman from the Mummy stared me down walked over while on stilts grabbed me by my Ravenclaw tie and and tousled my hair after photos were taken.
"'Remember how last week I said I'd go into more detail on the raid balancing that we are working on? Well, I hope you don't!'"
What major company would you like to see fail and why?
Does the average person know how to do all that? I am sure it doesn't stop the geeks but I presume ordinary people would be powerless to make those changes.
That explains that I guess that's better than thinking Microsoft forced it to 5 stars
unplug everything and move to spain
"Demolition Ranch- nice Texan who likes to shoot stuff Forgotten Weapons- Ian who gives in depth reviews on guns that aren't so common. He loves what he does and it shows in his videos. InRangeTV- Ian from forgottenweapons teamed up with his once bearded brethren Karl and they made a gun channel that features a cool style of competitive shooting as well as interesting videos on specific gun related items as well as old west vignettes. BritishMuzzleLoaders- a very in depth look at British military arms of the mid 19th century to ww2. The host is very well versed and puts a lot of effort into what he does TFBTV- quality gun reviews and nice hosts LifeSizePotato- a nice guy with a collection of handguns we all wish we had MilitaryArmsChannel- good videos of military related guns C&amp;Rsenal- very in depth videos on the history of specific guns. If you like old military rifles and .32acp pistols this channel is a must watch Duelist1954- Mike Bellevue who's the black powder editor(I think that's his position, I may be remembering wrong) he does great shooting videos on black powder guns that have nipples or flints CapandBall- Boriszhie Levit(I have no idea how to spell the dudes name) this Hungarian's black powder knowledge is at a similar level as Mike Bellevue's he just has more videos Gunnut357mag- a military arms and accessories collector who shows off his cool finds and shows you how to load for some oddball cartridges too. Low production quality, but the guy really knows his stuff KirstenJoyWeiss- a true sharpshooter that really enjoys trick shots with a 22lr rifle or pistols TGC- the gun collective keeps you up to date on what's new in the gun world, and gives out some great gun related legal advice(gun ownership legal advice, they don't dish out legal advice related to you doin bad things with your guns) 22Plinkster- trick shots, lots of em Hickok45- the gun community's grandpa TheAmmoChannel- some cool reloading and ammo related videos IraqVeteran8888- anything and everything gun related you'll see on this channel, good production value and the hosts know what they're talking about. Taofledermaus- what custom made projectile will shoot well out of a shotgun? TheYankeeMarshall- a grown ass man Gunblastdotcom- similar in style to a Hickok video, this left handed guy makes great videos on guns that you might be interested in."
"Can this two set bonus proc from healing spells (Got this on my Holy paladin, unsure if to hunt for other piece)"
(6) kill the chicken in Riverwood
Made up a whole religion around it!
My grandas grapevine
"What movie title is most improved by adding ""in my ass"" to the end?"
Baby Brianna's mom on parole in Plainview
Wait I don't understand it pls explain
"So like, Mike Pence if Trump dies.... Jk"
It's a well known liberal/biased news source like fox.
bruuuuh I just hope it's a good one.
That's encouraging but my butt wont be unclenched until it's official.
I got 11 grombrindal the white dwarf keys
They don't have football in Hawaii?
"On my phone for my high school wifi, why can I not view imgur images on reddit, but I can view i.reddit images just fine?"
"Not gonna lie, this was kind of lame."
The real Clinton email scandal is that a bullshit story has dominated the campaign
We have seen lots of progress of ships for SQ42. That's about it. The entire first gen really needs to be retouched and refactored badly which should include some reimaging from the concept artists. Beyond that we have all of the ships that have been sold that haven't been made yet. There were a few bursts of ship releases early in the year but that has slowed down tremendously with the patch rate in the last half of the year. Honestly if they want to crank ships sales out like this they need to separate ship drops from major patches. It's been nearly 3.5 months since 2.5 dropped and we got the Reliant and the Argo. In the first half of the year we got 6 new flyable ships. Which makes this last six months a slower rate of ships coming down the pipeline.
Anti-EMP countermeasure leaked in FarFromHome spectrum dispatch?
"That's cool, but I thought in the vlog today he basically hinted at a release around Veteran's Day!"
Nothing in Islam says throw your children out windows.
Acting Masterclass with Peter Serafinowicz
Mafia III - Hogwarts DLC
When bjerg played against faker at msi in 2015 and picked Ziggs I wanted to chop my dick off. He finalyl gets a chance to prove himself and plays a waveclear mage. lol.
Being a total failure in every single regard. I just fuck up everything.
"Why don't women have hobbies? Pretty simple, something I have noticed is that women tend to not have hobbies. Every hobby I can think of is male-dominated. What do women (this can apply to a lot of men as well) do if they don't have hobbies? Maybe its just me but when I meet someone who doesn't have a passion I tend to assume they are shallow and don't think deeply. Any reason why women tend to not have hobbies and what do they do with their time and mind for that matter?"
Tell her.
Time
Scrappy
"How would you feel about putting the X-Men franchise into the vault until 2022 followed by a hard reboot? I feel like aside from a couple more Deadpool movies, and a Quicksilver movie followed by a Netflix original series, the X-Men franchise has run its course. I'm not putting the blame on Singer or Apocalypse or anything really other than the entire franchise has kind of become tedious and the characters aren't exciting anymore. Deadpool and Quicksilver are the only two characters in the entire franchise that hold any interest for me personally, and they aren't enough to prop the whole thing up. Wolverine wasn't enough to prop the whole thing up from the beginning, but they got as much mileage out of him as possible and now it's time I believe for the whole thing to go into the vault for 5 years and then go full reboot with a whole new cast of actors playing the X-Men. As far as a new arc to reboot the franchise with? I'd be happy to see Broodfall on the big screen."
"At least football is right around the corner. I've been too preoccupied with baseball to keep up with NFL news, but everyone's telling me the Vikings are set to be the best in the league."
"I'm not looking to make any arguments. We've all played on this merry-go-round for months, if you don't get it by now there really is nothing I can say to change your mind; And tbh, I'm bored of trying."
Right now a giant backlash is going on so I don't have much sympathy. Also it's not the average male going through that but the non neurotypical males.
Lol so basically your weird fantasy goes as follows.... you want to kidnap abunch of innocent people and send them to a preservatory and hunt them like they're game.... then brutally murder every single one and take your dead body home to brand it and have sex with it. That's necrophilia
"I admit that I don't know how the system actually works, but I honestly doubt that any senior military commanders would launch a first strike on Trump's say-so. I pray we don't have a system that would let Trump take his little ""football"" briefcase into some bathroom and start pressing buttons that actually make things happen."
"*Hillary is just too crooked* Downvote and hide thread, tag and ignore user. Could do it in my sleep, I'm so versed in it by now."
Secretary of State please not shadow chancellor :Y
It's fun that they have a new sub I wasn't banned from yet
Is this one you can take apart and use in a PS4? Sorta looks like it but also sorta looks a bit too fat
Does this legit work?
Stanislaw Almost Clutches
Calling someone naive is not an insult.
"""Said it last year. Still believe it. The only thing that really matters is who can beat Warriors when they are playing well"""
"Fallout Faction Idea This is going to be kind of long so I will add a TL;DR at the end I'm not even sure if there's going to be a new Fallout game out soon but I recently watched the FudgeMuppet video about the ideal Fallout New Orleans and it really got me thinking. One of the things I loved most about Fallout New Vegas was Caesar's Legion, in my opinion they're one of the coolest factions in the Fallout world so naturally I started to think about what, if any, role they would play in a new Fallout game. I think we can all agree on that the Legion ending from NV most likely won't be the canon ending. In my opinion the Mr. House ending is going to be, which leaves the question: What will happen to the Legion? I think the Legion will collapse, whether Ceasar lives or not won't change that. Without Caesar's leadership smaller fights will erupt amongst their own ranks, most likely resulting in the Legion splitting up into smaller groups. Some maybe going back to the tribes they originally were. If Caesar lives, this may take a bit longer. More important though, there will be people loyal to the old values of Caesar and the Legion. These splinter groups will, in my opinion, most likely be pushed out of old Legion territory, i.e. Arizona, Utah, Colorado and New Mexico, and further east. Which brings us to the state of Louisiana, and New Orleans (yeah I know Texas lies between New Mexico and Louisiana but ignore that for now. And Caesar's Legion was supposed to be in Texas anyway so we can work something out) So, here's what I'm thinking: Imagine you're exploring the swamps outside of New Orleans when you come upon a town. The town itself is built upon a small lake and held up by stilts which protects it from higher water levels and floods. This town is basically the New Reno of the region. Filled with booze, drugs, stripclubs and prostitutes. You enter the town and eventually end up talking to the mayor, a bartender or whatever. The person will mention something about a raider gang living deep in the swamp outside of the town and you will get a miscellaneous quest to go check it out. When searching for the gang you will travel on a small path through the swamp, when you're getting close to the quest marker a man dressed in rags with a bomb collar around his neck approaches you. He tells you about his ""employers"" and how they have work for you. He assures that you will be greatly rewarded for your services. He then gives you a quest to go and destroy the booze stills, or something in that style, in the New Reno-ish town. After completing the quest you return to the man and he tells you to follow him. The two of you travel down the small path, and coming up at the end of the path is a camp. Outside the walls of the camp there are people crucified, giving you a hint of what's to come. You enter the camp and is greeted by a person wearing weathered legionary armor. He welcomes you to the camp of The Cohort (or The Zealot's, Zealot's of Caesar or something like that, going to be calling them The Cohort for now) and gives you the story of the Legion, and a recap of what has happened since the second battle of Hoover Dam. This person won't be the leader of the faction but merely one in their ranks. He then proceeds to offer you a place in the group, maybe sending you out on a new quest to prove your worth. You continue to work for The Cohort and learn more about them. I want this really powerfull and mysterious character to lead them, sort of a Lanius figure, brutal but more charismatic. He must have other interests besides destruction. As you progress through the questline you eventually get called up to a meeting with this leader. He praises you for the work you have done and tells you that The Cohort has great plans for the wastes of New Orleans. He tells you about the second coming of The Legion, how you and the rest of his men will unite the tribes and towns of the region and eventually march on New Orleans, claiming it for The Legion. The whole idea of The Cohort is to give the player the choice to revive the dying Legion and finally giving it the Rome it deserves. I want them to have very similar values to those of the Legion, such as prohibiting the use of alcohol and drugs, using slaves and having a totalitarian dictator as a leader. They will also use the same roman hierarchy. I have more ideas but I feel that this is enough for now. Let me know what you think and if you want more. Also feel free to comment if you have any ideas to improve on mine! TL;DR I have this idea of a faction that will originate from Caesar's Legion from Fallout New Vegas that I would love to appear in a new Fallout game. Essentially you would be able to give The Legion its rebirth and unite the wastes of New Oreleans/Louisiana, or wherever the game takes place, under its flag."
Don't spoil the new generation by giving food to beggars. Teach them hard work instead.
It was on the Steam sales subforum but I didn't know how great it was then.
He's doing more denying lately than he is apologizing. I wonder if he will ever apologize for lying to us about all the things he's denying at the moment?
What are they actually talking about? I feel like some old vicar in 1920 chancing upon a Trotsky / Bukharin debate about materialism. Shits weird.
In what world are anti-trans opinions silenced? Catholic Dr. Paul McHugh got his anti-trans opinion piece in the ***Wall Street Freakin' Journal.***
Never Forget
Butt is it self-aware?
Most of the MGO2 maps were paid DLC.
Make Rust Great Again!
So could almost any other team. We had just spent a first rounder on a QB. We weren't going to do so again.
Halloween Challenge Skeleton Charm (In-Game)
Are we the raft?
Are you trying to act like you're 12?
"Cough...Cough...LT1...LS1 Both of those can average that. Also, I know of several people who can barely get their FoST's to break past 25."
"Morning Report: Mickey Gall on Sage Northcutt: 'I'm gonna bust him up, break his bones'"
I have only 3 legs..lol!
"If Sephuz's Secret and Prydaz were hot fixed to include primary stats, it would help to soften the disappointment players are feeling when they receive these items. Thoughts? They mentioned in a recent Dev Q and A they were looking to buff some of the weaker legendary items. Without a rework on these items i doubt the majority of the player base will ever feel satisfied when they receive a legendary that is in some cases a DPS loss."
Lol and this sub won't believe anything that is negative for clinton
Amanda Nunes Wears A Lion Mask To The Weigh Ins
"No... not really. You'd pay the same for a comprable Android device. Pixel, HTC One, Huawei Mate 9, etc."
Chennai is far far more fucked up in this regard.
"And when she held her private and public beliefs separate (read: lying to the public about her private beliefs, which are the beliefs that a person cares about... you know, the shit they actually believe privately and not the bullshit they say to the public) that are now excused by a large portion of our electorate? It's Hillary's fault for never addressing how absolutely nonsensical, and insensitive to people in Bosnia who were *actually* under sniper fire, saying something like that is. Oh, and accepting Qatari money when she knew she was running for President, etc. etc."
This is my friend's father! Small world.
"Money and anti-liberalism, not specifically the Clintons. Sure they hate the Clintons, but that's basically because they're the face of American ""liberalism."""
"Pliny in SJ Is Pliny the Elder still a hard beer to find? I'm in San Jose next week and would love to find a bottle or two. Where and when would be my best bets to find it? if not a bottle, any pubs that might have it on tap?"
Starting Some Bloodbound with the free slaughterpriest!
"How many 5* maxed units do you have? Do you prefer to optimize your play time towards your main team or do you like to level all your units? I probably spend way too much time leveling all my units as I currently have the following 5* units maxed: Chizuru, Exdeath, Vann, Firion, Lightning, Kefka, Golbez, Lenna, Cecil, Garland, Terra, Tellah, CoD, WoL, Fina, Celes, Armarant and Locke. My next batch is going to be Charolette, Ludmille, Ceres, Leo, and Bartz. Anytime I have to farm an exploration for mats and/or progress in content, I always use my leveling team. And when I find my NGR full and have to waste it quickly, I'll just do int vortex for mats or adv vortex for leveling. What about you guys/gals?"
Such a baffling misstep that one was....
"What are your thoughts on a Distance Based Difficulty Mod? One of the classic tropes of fantasy worlds is that the farther you go out into the wilds the more dangerous it becomes. Cities are safe, and the creatures you find near them are weak, but things get harder farther out. Bosses are always in ""the deepest part of the forest"" and such. It's hard to recreate this feeling in Minecraft because the only only factors affecting mob spawning are light level and the occasional spawner block. **There's little incentive to travel farther from your base than you must to find a dark area.** If you want to fight a lot of mobs, the best way is usually to build a spawn room rather than to explore the wilderness. And if you do decide to find mobs through exploring at night, they're basically the same difficulty anywhere you go. So, **what mods can you think of that could fix this?** I don't know of any, but I've thought of some ideas that could go into one: * The most basic mod for this would be to make beds prevent mob spawning within a radius of a chunk or two. * A more advanced one would have mob spawn rates slowly scale up with increasing distance from a chunk with a bed that's in a villager house or from the world spawn until they've scaled up or above the vanilla spawn rate. This would allow you to build relatively safe cities anywhere by placing a bed, but have wild lands in-between * Spawn rate could also be tied to y-level with the spawn rate increasing back towards or above normal as you dig down even if there's a bed/city above to simulate the classic dungeon-under-the-city trope in caves. (dungeons would also be a cool thing to spawn under villages in general but that's another mod in itself...) I'm not a great java coder, so there isn't a large chance I'll be able to make this myself. Any devs who find it interesting feel free to steal anything here. **What are your thoughts?** are there mods that already cover most of this? What other mods can you think of that would force the player to travel thousands of blocks from their base to explore or setup additional bases far away from their home?"
I look on Wikipedia and such and I can't figure out where my Walmart falls. I don't think it's a neighborhood market per se but it's also not a super center. It's kinda like a tweener
If Republicans can't win without suppressing black votes they should find other work
I loathe those gift giving parties.
Eternal Darkness might have broken the 4th wall more than any console game I can think of. - Fake channel switching - Fake muting - Fake blue screen of death - Fake unplugged controller warning Your character loses sanity and the game bends over backwards to make you feel disturbed
"Molten warhound being obtainable from chests is pointless whats the point of giving it all that hype, if its gonna come up on chests in the end? Why not keep it as an exclusive item for being active in the community (giveaways and tourneys)? When we first saw the mount, the first tought was ""ok ill try to get this EA exclusive item so i can show off like 1 year from here"". Well, no. Doing this removes the credibility of the item and unmotivates people to work to get them. This is honestly stupid."
"That might actually make me watch the World Cup, I miss Hamr."
"Oh, I thought you were referring to the chances overall. You're right in that the left hand side is an attacking weakness for us."
So.. we just got whites.. with only us in the dungeon
They already surrendered
"Yeah, I went to Frozen Fenway 3 years ago in 8-degree weather. It was horrible and I would recommend it to no one."
Thinking is overrated right
"I sincerely doubt that. He may be the best in EU/US, but that doesn't make him the best in the world by any stretch."
20 million people :^)
Husband who beats wifes alcohol dealer with baseball bat gets probation. Yeah the war on certain drugs makes sense.
I can't wait for the new season so these shitposts will stop. Or at least lessen.
"Right or not, you're kind of a dick."
How do people pretend like G2 and Splyce don't exist?
If they are Christians then they are not intellectual.
It takes about 10 steps and a couple downloads. There's a GUI tool for bootloader unlocks and ROM/Recovery flashing. You have to be literally retarded to not be able to unlock a Nexus phone bootloader.
A tragic Couch Gag from THE SIMPSONS
It's gonna be dank.
Gllty above sako? Sako was competing at pro level before Gllty had a mental crisis and went shemale.
My thoughts about Trumps recent compromises to his policy
Wow your lawn mower has good brakes!
"I send unwanted private messages to girls all the time, no difference sending one to him as long as you don't sink to his level!"
Because Meltzer isn't perfect.
"I think you can both be right. It's Curry in the sense that it's his team. The system doesn't function if he's not there, and everything's been built to account for his overwhelming offensive presence. It's Draymond in the sense that he's the pillar of the system that makes everything flow and allows us to run so many good lineups on the floor. I think if you replace Curry with another star guard (anyone as good as Westbrook/Harden down to Walker or Thomas) we're still the best team in the league. If you replace Draymond with a standard PF we don't go 73-9 and we probably struggle in a Bo7 against Cleveland or the Clippers"
How do multi disk games work on emulators I've never actually tried.
Watch the trooper97 vlog on YouTube. Ignore the last 7 days.
"Was anyone else disappointed? (SRL Licenses Quest) After completing (or grinding depending on how good you are at SRL) the quest from Amanda Holiday only to find that your prize is the SAME EMBLEM YOU ALREADY EARNED LAST YEAR (and a terrible shader)!! I was not happy. The Dawning has been great, and I enjoy SRL quite a bit, but with all the new emblems and what not they couldn't give you a new one for completing the quest this year? It just felt like a big let down at the end of a quest line to me. It really should have been a NEW emblem and another Sparrow (or sparrow toolkit similar to last year where you get a random one). Anyway... I know you get a sparrow from the speed kills quest, but still... rant over. Thanks for listening."
"Waffles vs. DHSJ Siseide, gfs chaps"
I'm confused why is this comic here? A lot of conservatives are voting for Hillary so this doesn't make too much sense.
Holy shit Hamilton. What happened?
"When it comes purely to numbers the debt isn't great but I think people make much too big of a deal over national debt - I'm saying this as someone who minored in Econ and works in budgetary management for local government. First off, most the debt is essentially owed to ourselves and secondly a country is not a corner store that needs to have perfectly balanced books. As for terrorism, every act of terrorism is a tragedy but none of the people who committed the terrorist acts since he became president were here as a result of the Obama administration. The largest amount of death from terrorism happened in America hundred George W. Bush on September 11, 2001. Racial relations definitely need some work here in America, but to say that they are a pre-1960 level is preposterous. Before 1960, blacks couldn't even ride in the same part of the city bus, Black children went to different schools and then there white neighbors. And interracial marriage Michigan legal in the majority of states...come on"
"Alonso the cameraman, in his deckchair"
Honestly compared to how commentators talk about him it's an absolute rinse. Rooney seems to get a pass from commentators who are too polite when it comes to his performance. This guy told it how it is and he's right.
So she's a bit of a troll. Appropriate. RIP ARG. We salute all the brave men and women who game their lives for apparently nothing.
"Entry level, yeah."
"How to Get Away With Murder started out seeming quite normal and interesting, and then suddenly in the latter third of season 1 turned into the biggest load of nonsensical drama for drama's sake. We tried to persevere with season 2 but between Paris Geller turning into a serial killer and Annalise suddenly making out with Xenia Onatopp it all got too much."
"Not interested in a 3ds, or super mario 3ds XL console?"
"Uh, the US legalized abortion like 30 years ago."
The WORST thing for a man is being with a woman that watches her weight!!
"Again, I dont blame you, I blame the GOP for putting forth a garbage candidate, because they decided to appeal to the worst of there base. I wish the GOP would have put forth a decent candidate, then i might vote for them. THEY NEED TO LEARN FROM THIS"
"saw a cubone and meowth on my radar but thought nothing of it as there is a meowth nest close by, thanks"
Luminus and MongoDB Does that make sense?
"I don't get everyone's sick obsession with turning Becky heel or turning beloved faces heel? This is why the wrestling business is failing. Since there are no quality protagonists for casuals, they have no reason to give a shit."
TIL that sometimes two NPC's will fight each other over dropped loot.
This cat is in the predicament where you can't move because cute animals are on top of you.
"Reading isn't the end-all be-all of intellectually stimulating hobbies anyway. I don't really like reading books for fun. I read lots of articles and I'll read a piece of classic lit every few months just to say I did, but I really don't enjoy it very much. Reading seems to have this stigma of being the only pastime of the sophisticated and I feel like there are a lot of other ways to spend your time that are just as enriching."
Good enough. Adding you
"Is there a certain type of fan that you wont watch a game with? For me I have a buddy that whenever a play doesn't work his immediate response is "" Why don't they just chuck it deep every play?!"". needless to say i don't go to his house on sundays anymore.."
HMJB while I pop a wheelie in my tractor
"Matt Damon: Dude, I beat you to it!"
"When Kevin Owens gets put on Jericho's list, it's gonna be heartbreaking. With Jericho's new character, WWE have the potential to make the segment absolutely devestating in a humorous way. It's could be incredible TV."
Bunny Cat
"That movie stars and the like are wearing A LOT of makeup to look so fantastic. Maybe this should be obvious. I always knew they were wearing makeup. What I didn't realize was how much, and how big of a difference it makes when a professional makeup artist prepares a star versus a girl whose mom never taught her how to put on makeup trying online tips. I honestly didn't even realize what makeup could *do* until I saw a boy make himself look like Kim Kardashian with just makeup, a few months ago. I honestly thought for the longest time that most of the actors, musicians and models were naturally and effortlessly beautiful."
"Sorry about the low effort post. Here are some details: This was our first night of a 4 day, 3 night lollipop loop consisting of portions of the Wonderland and Northern Loop Trails. We started from Mowich Lake and stayed at Ipsut Creek, Yellowstone Cliffs, and Cataract Valley. Total trip length was around 25 miles when you factor in side trips. Not the most lengthy trip, but the elevation changes at Mt Rainier can kick your butt (especially if you're a flatlander like me). Ipsut Creek is a great place to camp, because although its technically a back country camp, it used to be a car camp. As such, it has bear bins instead of of poles, and large sites with picnic tables. You can access the camp ground via the Wonderland Trail or from the Carbon River entrance to the park via a road that is now open only to foot and bicycle traffic."
what does ttgd stand for?
Jason Lee skateboarding before acting
Diablo 3 currently sucks dick and has been the same for the last 5 seasons. Necromancer doesn't fix that.
"But isn't this the reason Riot gave us the items that combine from sightstone and the starting support items? It makes more room in your inventory while providing both the wards and the stats. There is no reason to give it up for something else, late game especially."
You are transported back in time to the early Middle Ages. You didn't take any physical objects with you. How do you make yourself viewed as a God amongst men?
Collins is also injured
The... Suspense... Is... Killing... Me... Send Help
So you have to buy a new printer every three months instead of six.
Flusha clutches it with a smile
What are the biggest gaming disappointments of 2016 so far?
"Just put them in folders labeled NES, SNES, ETC??"
How much money does drumpf give you to spam Reddit with every neg rag you can find?
Falcons lost and not because the refs.
"LA is huge, disparate and universal. There are 88 cities and 4000 square miles in LA County alone. That doesn't include Ventura or Orange. More so than any other place I've been in the world, almost anything you want is here. Do you want a typical American experience? A touristy one? Do you like outdoors? Forests? Suburbs? The beach? Mountains? Hard core urban environment? Do you want American food? An array of food from around the world? Haute cuisine? Mashed up street culture like Korean tacos? Do you drive? Uber? Bikes? Do you like sports? Basketball? American football? Soccer? Music? Film? Theater? Architecture? You're going to have to narrow it down. And perhaps go through the existential question of who you are and what you want before we can be of any help to you."
And the important throws in the NFL are in that 10-20 yard range.
"No, you're the puppet!"
"Aya,Kazakus thalnos or Patches? Which one to craft,I know that thalnos is classic,but I really enjoy reno decks and Kazakus would be a great addition for all of them,I also see Aya and patches as real strong legendaries,I don't know if I should craft them as the decks they are played are strong without them too"
"So, Mysterious challenger in hunter? Mysterious Challenger in hunter."
WZ-111 available in cash shop now
"Oh I'd totally toke with him and talk policy, I just don't want him within a hundred miles of the nuclear codes."
Finally got this boy today .. and then I saw the crystal requirement for the next level (crying inside)
CJ Wilson's P1 on display at McLaren Scottsdale
What's the stupid inefficient thing that makes you mad ?
I thought you were supposed to be doctor yup.
Is the distant LOD of honningbrew meadery glitched for anyone else?
Quickplay Hero Limit coming to PTR
"You ever hear of the Freshman 15 where college freshmen gain 15lbs? Well, in pro wrestling, there is the TNA 15."
Reminder: install forza hub on windows 10 to see your photos and gorgeous community photos
Leafs rookies leave Morgan Rielly at a loss for words
Yea another reason to hate the Rangers. I pay more taxes than they do.
Countries should fix their tax codes so other companies like Apple cannot take advantage of it. Until then I don't blame Apple for following the law.
Who is terry?
"I got caught fucking a chicken waaay back in my teens, and STILL, everyone likes to go on about it."
First 100 orb multi - Nozomi and Nnoitra. Both new. Wow.
Caption this photo of Gus and Andy Reid
Serbian FM: We won't join European anti-Russian sanctions
"So, we can expect Metallic Yellow Ranger, Metallic Black Ranger, and Gold Variants of those two? This is my first dealing with these. Sorry for my noobnees."
"I know that there is a piece of chicken in the Scouts body, not my fault"
500 Hours of TF2 SFM
Thanks for that
"Cindy, no one will see it coming."
I guess the rockets were the Spurs kryptonite in 2014 then. Boy did they get lucky.
Bernie gets more and more based every day. I'm going to miss this guy.
Would you spend the 1 waiver for Fuller?
Here's a joke! Gamemaker Studio
"[m] it's september not august fam, bonbon forgot to update the date today."
oh DEFINITELY try Giovinco. He goes for under 2k and is so damn explosive and scores from everywhere in the box. His dribbling is so damn insane.
Do they have one of these in Canada?
Australia thumbs its nose at climate change and reef protection. Country's biggest coal mine gets green light.
How much animatronics are there in TRTF 5?
"If he didn't the headline would be ""Trump's team has no experience, and it's TERRIFYING :o"" He's bringing both insiders and outsiders together. Experience and fresh perspectives balancing each other out."
"San Holo's remix of ""The Next Episode"" is 2 years old today!"
"Type this, but without the quotation marks: ""Title :-: Body of text"" Also, replace the ""title"" and the ""body of text"" with whatever you want, like this: Yo ho | :-: | I be a pirate |"
SCOTT SAVED THE DAY
raisin cookies and chocolate chip cookies
"its a ~~blacktop~~ so its around 215hp edit - notchtop, I always get them mixed up"
Probably was.
"Can we have a free, worldwide release of a documentary that is actually realistic and might scare people into action? Before The Flood was mainstream rubbish. Why can't we have a (3 hour, 4 hour, 8 hour, whatever is necessary) documentary to cover: * why we're all fucked * necessity of degrowth * overpopulation * climate scientists sharing their thoughts without holding back * coming food and water shortages * methane leaks that are being discovered more and more frequently * global dimming * what happens in a 3c, 4c world and why we're on track to reach this * watered down findings of IPCC And probably more. I want the mainstream exposed to the reality, with the same free delivery method across major providers like Before The Flood, without any Everything Is Awesome Green Technology or carbon tax bullshit. Even if people just throw up their hands and least they can be exposed to the despair that those of us who are more aware have to experience."
World leaders beware: a photo with Trump will expose your soul
I don't see what you mean honestly
"I don't think it's possible for cutler to have sickle cell, that dude is white as fuck"
I can't help but think we're going to make someone the highest paid reliever in the league. We've got Romo and Casilla as free agents which frees up money and a really really really really big gaping hole.
In what country does American accent speaking the local language well earn you the most points?
Instead of erroraction you could use errorvariable and then interrogate the variable.
When do you think the first AAA Game will launch for VR
Seattle arena backer Chris Hansen acquires another big parcel of land in the SoDo area
"I don't particularly care for John Piper, but that's not to say he hasn't made positive contributions."
Very good
"""If everybody behaved the way God wanted them to behave""*"
You mean science vs fairly tales?
"Oh god, I'm always the thimble. *What does this mean!?*"
"Opposite actually. Small head big body, like if Ali went to a witch doctor lol."
Trump rape lawsuit DISMISSED.
"And sometimes, you refuse your GM's plea to draft Giannis to save $400,000 :("
Arley. The baby is/was a girl. It's just not a pretty name and sounds like a pirate or dog name.
No shit. Every American with any knowledge of the outside world knows this. That's about as useful as pointing out that we're the only ones who still bother with the imperial system.
I like 3/4 of the BSers too lol. I just dislike this subs intolerance toward any type of BS criticism.
"Mike Trout will be a Phillie, I guarantee you."
ayeris
20*800$=16000$ maybe you can get a small 1-room shack somewhere in whateverthefuckistan but in my city this doesnt even get you a place under the bridge
then not have a hand?
Barack Obama Sr. - The father of president Obama
"You know... the HD600 + Schiit Magni 2 amp sounds much better then the HD600, is close to the same price, and you know it's driven well. =)"
I know a PI that just moved there and she *loves* it there (and she came from a really good institution). Not sure if that helps.
"People here focus way too much on the politics and don't enjoy the series for the world it's set in. If you don't treat it like you're some sort of advances critic it's great, if a little repetative. All of the books have great endings though and Richard is an awesome character to follow."
"This game has the worst new player experience out of anything I have ever seen. The training missions are so poorly described, they don't even teach you the basic hotkeys of what your ship can do. They certainly don't teach you the basics of actual gameplay. There is 0 reason for me to need to read several hundred pages and watch hours of video content just to play a game. And my early gaming was my parents forcing me to pass every flight test on Microsoft Flight Simulator before being allowed to play Microsoft Combat Flight Simulators... Every week I decide to give this game another go, and it continues to screw me over and leave me hating the 40 dollars I spent on it."
BREAKING: ISIS Takes Responsibility For Ohio State Terrorist Attack
"NBA Gameday LIVE Discussion (November 04, 2016) Mods have been slacking a bit recently with the Gameday LIVE threads so I thought I'd help 'em out! :)"
My boy skinny penis.
the only p2w part in reboot (idk if u could really call it p2w) is having a pet.
Power Rangers Reboot Megazord Design Revealed
It is. People just can't resist the urge to inject.
It's pretty much a fertility cult at this point.
Bill Clinton Forgets Hillary's Campaign Slogan
That would give them an even greater reason to vote for him....
"Scott Adams: ""If Hillary Clinton gets elected, there will never be another male President"""
"OK, *now* we're getting into some Watergate level shit."
US 'to pay $1.2m' to Italian family of drone strike victim - BBC News
Is there such thing as too much creatine?
Wax Dale meets the real one
"Well, normally the phrase is ""fire for effect"", but in this case I rather think it's ""fire without effect""."
"It's almost like he thought she was cheating, someone told him things were going on, and he decided to get confirmation"
Yeah just don't push your government to discover oil or WMDs in Philippines. They're just trying to work for a better future. America has a habit of poking their ass in other countries businesses and killing democratically elected leaders and pushing back the country by decades.
Hillary Clinton Blames FBI Director for her Election Defeat!!!
"Oh I understand. Some people work to get what they want, and others want it handed to them."
Is Yahoo the new HuffPo?
Write it on the calendar that you put next to the fridge.
"My childhood image of a ""bar"" was an old-time Wild-West-style saloon, and that image also persists for me whenever a bar is mentioned."
"So money given to children by their parents, for whatever reason, doesn't belong to the child even though it was given to them. You can only own something if you earn it. Is that what you're saying? Does this apply to other things? Do gifts belong to the person they are given to?"
"Delay Lag is absurd this week Started playing the Weekend League, and after 2 matches, I am off again. The delay lag got even worse this week, and, considering it was normal until yesterday, I think the high number of ppl playing the Weekend League is destroying the EA servers. Every single action I do takes an eternity, can't mark properly, passes got even worse. And not only me, can notice the same thing happening to my opponent. What an awful experience, once again!"
"In a plastic container, using a plastic fork, a bowl of carbs with raisins."
Thin priviledge is only having one set of breasts. Who knew.
"Whoa whoa whoa, stop the presses. Five cups of green tea will burn 70 extra calories?! What is the point of that? I mean, I like tea, but I wouldn't add that into my calories burned column...."
GOP senators: We could work with Hillary Clinton
did you just assume the thing's gender!? **TRIGGERED**
"Parts exist cheaper online. It's probably easier for you to order a part than it is for me to order it through my shop. You don't need a minimum order balance to get free shipping, you'll get it faster than I will, and I'll still charge the same price to install it. I'm more than happy to install it for you. I'm more than happy to tell you how to install it. If you're cool I might even loan you a tool. Just do me a solid and write an honest review online for our shop. That's all I ask of my customers, and the 1/100 that follow through I am extremely grateful for."
You have to love free Silver! I routinely get rolls of half dollars from the bank and look to see if there are silver halfs mixed in. Not exactly free since each half costs me $.50 buy its the next best thing to free since each one is worth much more in its silver value.
"It's okay, took me a long while to catch it. So here's a clue: What does an acorn turn into?"
She crazy
"I'D FOCUS FIRST ON REGAINING THE SECOND WILD CARD SPOT, BUT MAYBE THAT'S JUST ME."
Why are they calling it his *annual* tunnel idea? Is this something that he proposes every year?
"DXM-only tussin Is back So like back in July all the Rite Aids in the area just stopped stocking the generic DXM-only Tussin. So I stopped by yesterday and they had 6 packages of glorious blue box Tussin on the shelf. I'm ecstatic because they said it was ""recalled"" even though it said no such thing on the website and was most likely just from people stealing it. But anyways I'm hyped."
Blundell is my dad so I'll see what I can do.
"What makes it so risky? How is it ""robbed?"
Lol! This poor kid was trying so hard not to yawn and it was just adorable to watch. Total trooper for being awake and presentable at 3 am after a time change!
People have already started voting in some places
Standing out all night to catch a glimpse of the holiday train
"""pro tip"""
Planet Earth: Series 2 Trailer - BBC
"Have to be careful with videos. Some of us Reddit from work, haha."
"Pretty new around here, felt like sharing an idea I had for what Springtrap could've looked like after the fire."
Greats who almost went undiscovered? I started thinking about this after reading about how Walter Johnson was discovered playing in the Idaho State League by a Senators scout. Who do you think are some baseball greats who could've gone undiscovered?
It's not a feud. Read the wikileaks - The Clintons will be the subject of many public hearings soon.
"20 years ago, McAfee antivirus was the best antivirus you could get for free and it was easy to install and uninstall. It did the job, did it well, and didn't mess with your computer. John McAfee, who created it and is brilliant, sold the company for millions, basically retired and ex-patriot-ed himself to do whatever he felt like at the moment (which apparently included lots of drugs and hookers). After he sold it, the company that bought it (forget who) turned the antivirus into a bloated piece of shit which under-performed, and wormed its way into your OS to a point where you basically couldn't get rid of it. This is McAfee's fuck-you to the company that took his product and made his name into a joke in the IT community. In other words, McAfee got based."
Our savior has spoken!!!
"If anyone has won that battle, it's gotta be a freaking Fighting type Pokemon. Seriously, battle ends as soon as one Pokemon is knocked out.And guess whose Pokemon was the victim for that."
Maybe they are working in teams assigned to do nothing but down vote as many posts as possible.
What's wrong with the other 21%?
Well this sucks cuz i play on na and live in eune...
Too bad for them we are hoarding all our high energy. No energy for the opposition.
"This commitment to updating TSM's infrastructure means that they are 100% going to hire a sports psychologist. Sports psychologists help enormously and have done wonders for their LoL team, I'm sure in a highly ( and more competitive game I might add) stressful game such as CS:GO, they will definitely help since there will always be arguments wiithin the team and also mental and emotional problems at times. Also on a side note, does anyone know if any other CS teams have sports psychs?"
"Feeling Guilty when Praying Like many people, I've prayed for myself &amp; my family. Prayed for health. Prayed for a better financial status. I'd love to improve my mother's living conditions. However, I saw a story about a man suffering with cerebral palsy &amp; who is terminal condition. He'd dealt with more than I can ever imagine. How do I pray for myself when someone like that has suffered so much. What about all the suffering in the world? How do I ask God to help me when others need help so much more?"
"The claim here is not that God is ""not powerful enough"" to set a deterministic future, but that God doesn't want to do that in the first place, because God would rather display his power by working with the free agency of others. This is absolutely not to say that God has no more influence on the course of history than anyone else. Open theism simply claims that at least some of our choices are free in a libertarian sense (that it was possible for us to have done otherwise), and that God can't foreknow a libertarianly free choice because such knowledge is logically impossible: there is currently no truth value about what libertarian free choice I'll make tomorrow. God can't know that I'll choose strawberry ice cream over chocolate if there is no fact about the matter to be known in the first place."
"Language little one, language!"
"Holy shit, he gives you a substantial amount of porn sources and subreddits and you complain that the date's wrong?"
and we want less than 17 million lol Seriously I don't believe this at all. They already said we didn't go after Jose because the fans didn't like him. Circumstances. Add to that that defensive WAR worse than Tyler Naquin. It doesn't make sense for us. Big Green's controversial opinion: I would rather go after Puig for the Tribe.
Anyone here doing their HSC? I just started the second year of my accelerated HSC course (Biology) and wondering how fucked I am?
"In his last 3 halves of basketball J.J. Redick has scored 48 points in 42 minutes on 99.2 TS% 15/22 FG, 13/17 3PM, 5/5 FT - It's absurd how efficient he is, as of today's game he's shooting a higher FG% &amp; 3P% than last season."
This Odometer is 1 mile past 111111
Should Dwight be in the 00s or 10s?
Patrick Smith: the bye round has been an overwhelming success
NC Gov. McCrory Signs Bill Stripping Incoming Dem Governor Of Some Powers
"Alright, first off I was obviously kidding and second, how am I a cuck for liking a gaming system?"
"Casanova, Lazarus, Infinite Vacation, East of West, Paper Girls. The three you listed are all good as well"
"My poverty bench is now a poverty bench in the triple digits. Damn you, XX chromosomes."
"You do realize that it will only proc his trait on heroes hit right? Yes, its a huge buff. But 80/20 split might be pushing it. Sundering will still be better for getting heroes out of position and deals 3x more damage instantly."
"well if it makes you feel any better, everything in life is fake and you won't remember this happened in less than a hundred years"
"Ah, the 90s. Can we stay here forever?"
The logical next step in the GTA series.
"Guardiola with 3 games in a row without a win since forever. Welcome to the Premier League, Pep."
"McDonald's to test Sriracha Big Mac in Columbus, OH"
"Isis used to pay good money. And a lot of lowlifes joined them because of that. Lots of kids who used to sell drugs, bang hookers and hit the bar everyday are today fighting for Isis. Isis soldiers can do anything they prohibit the population under their rule from. Want drugs? Here have some heroin to stay up all night and fight. Want cigarettes? Here is a free pack. Want to bang a chick? Here is a yazidi girl who is so traumatised she can't even speak. Tell me I'm wrong."
What does that arabic word means?
"Compared to the comedy show he used to do, he literally looks and sounds ill."
"Did anyone else notice the padding of the life, es and mana stats in the BOTW? Huge fan, if you didnt catch it go to 1:09 of the BOTW video and look at the life stats. Padding looks nice, when do we get it? GGG plz?"
I took sides in a war. The side I helped said I was a warmongerer and attacked me. I don't understand this game.
Clinton Campaign Manager's Answer On TPP....Russia!!!
Someone's gotta ask... What's so good about that? I prefer my suburbs safe for children.
CCTV footage of Albuera mayor's death missing
"For some reason I have that weapon even though I didn't preorder or anything. I did get the digital version, though, so maybe that's why?"
we still doing the messy desk thing?
"need a new mouse for league of legends Guys i play league of legends and need a new mouse ,any suggestions?"
"Well yes, since anime is based on LN, LN is canon - and any deviation that the anime did (mostly regarding SubaXRem development) is not."
?
"No, he invented Jupiter. Get it right. Jeez."
Google Allo Stickers Leaked Ahead of Google Allo Launch
"I just hate it when they oversexualise (is that how you spell it?) girls. I mean, I'm a guy and I HATE it when they do it. Don't know why, but it's a huge turn off."
"That interview with Anime Feminist is maybe the only place I'd ever seen D'Anastasio be hard-hitting. If I read an anime article on Kotaku that seems underwritten and under-considered, it's invariably D'Anastasio."
You're basically saying that Americans are fucking stupid.
5th Street Deli. 5th &amp; Rosemont
Radeon Software Crimson Edition 16.11.4
I don't think she ever had control. You can't blame her with a candidate like Donald though. She has done a very good job IMO.
"Oh please no, I am bad enough at HotS fighting only the occasional Illidan, to have to fight one every match when trying to get all the unlocks makes me sad."
105 and started pre season 6 :D
"You didn't spell it wrong. There are two spellings for whisky. Whisky and whiskey. However when talking about whisky from Scotland, it's always without the 'e'."
you can even disguise and the towers won't attack you
Finally beat breaking barriers
"No, I meant that the award name is 5 more minutes, not 5 more hours :P"
I'm surprised Trump didn't invite them onstage.
"Absolutely. Typical smug startup reality distortion. This isn't just Pebble, it's a whole attitude where going bankrupt and leaving your customers hanging isn't just OK, it's almost expected. After supporting the first Pebble kickstarter (still have my ""Kickstarter Edition"") I got burned by so many other companies that I now refuse to even entertain contributing to a Kickstarter/Indiegogo/Gofundme. (MST3K revival being a single exception.) The lack of even slight regret in this announcement is disturbing. If anyone recently purchased, I'd suggest a chargeback. I was successful with a chargeback to a Rockethub venture that evaporated."
"You might want to get your balls checked, theyre awfully high up there."
S7 counter-junglers and tips?
"Aww, it's great down here... unless you want anything to do with firearms, which is what PB markers are classified as here."
Might be better if you wait to submit these articles as a single submission when they're all written.
That is one of the fattest necks I have ever seen.
Hogg For Lions 10
I dig it
"500, 750 and 1000 total worlds It'd be great if there were worlds with a small total level requirement and not just 1250+ requirement."
(Citation needed)
me_irl
Apologies! Won't happen again. I did say if OP wasn't interested so thought that would be okay.
It's easier to go than to stop. Get a scraper and brush combo thing Put a shovel in the trunk Put a blanket in the trunk
East or West ? I cant fucking decide where to play.... nuia or cat... looking for a german guild.... halp..
"You're in prison based off of your highest rated comment, what are you in jail for?"
"I've never been asked that, but a first thought is that if there is a distinction, it could be that explicitly believing that there is ""no God"" implies that there is no 'Gestalt'. No ""sum greater than the whole of its parts."" Pantheism, on the other hand, does not seem to deny such a possibility."
Want to suck on these?
"So we should only cate about Native Americans, got it."
"I sent the futurama pic to my mom who doesn't know anything about Futurama, and she made me a little hat...."
"Where do you turn when theology is tearing apart your family but you have no 'authority' since you are an atheist? So, my dad is really into this cult-like movement called the Hebrew Roots Movement. I, as an atheist, have no authority in the eyes of my family on this. My christian mom is miserable and they fight constantly while my dad is falling deeper and deeper into this bullshit. What do I do? Things are getting worse and worse. He's even wearing fucking traditional hebrew knots and I feel like I am in the twilight zone."
Apology&lt;Accountability
"I believe that the article says 14. And special needs really shouldn't enter into the equation. A principal shouldn't be acting this way no matter what the kid does. I hope you are not saying that if the kid were bad enough that it would be ok for the principal to threaten bodily injury. You're suggesting the ""he had it comming"" defense. That doesn't fly in my book."
Car cutting off semi on the highway
Nope. Trash him.
He hasn't been sworn in yet so the clause isn't in effect.
TWC : 69.99 for 70/5. I pity you guys with such slow connections and are still paying out the ass for it.
I think that title should go to Charles Kennedy.
Confirmed by State Dept: Crooked Hillary sent classified information to Chelsea then covered it up by deleting the email that showed it.
Democratic Presidential Elector Says He Won't Vote For Hillary Clinton
"Huh, I remember those comebacks from when I was in middle school. Nice try, but you aren't going to make me feel bad about some made up story. You're still a prick for promoting and admitting to team killing. You and people like you are ruining this game."
Obama's True Opinion Of Hilary
Too much tuna
That guy with mental disorders?
'The Good Place' Creator Michael Schur Breaks Down The Fall Finale (and What's Next)
"I realize that it's possible that I can only be pointless if mostly drunk. Which is ok. Except if you asked my husband, he'd probably say I'm mostly pointless all the time."
"What are some good, affordable, omnibuses?"
A man is murdered on the streets of Turkey
How is Taliyah a 'token character'?
You mean drunk dancing in the street.
New to the sub... throwaway account. I've been scratching myself like this for over a year. They're all so very shallow I can't bring myself to call them cuts
"'most important colony'...I mean, 'friend'."
He's also the guy that took a picture of a shuttle lifting off.
Let us just take a moment and just appreciate how beautiful the jet black iPhone looks. Damn !
I think the reason people are hesitant to name an author is that it's just so domestic by nature. Shakespeare was the greatest english language writer (arguably). Goethe the greatest german language. Tolstoi the greatest russian language. It's just very hard to compare them
"Yep, right in those e-mails."
"Without naming the location, where do you live?"
"I love that the Clintons are chaos worshippers. Nice, subtle implication that any non 40k fan wouldn't pick up on"
GET OUT OF HERE.
Dude s3 isn't here yet shitposting is all we have
TIL Only 2% of millennials have excellent credit.
"Yeah my dad showed me how to do those things, and once I learned a few things and how easy it is we were laughing that people actually pay thousands to get it done. Then he turned really serious and said "" It's simple, but that 1/100 times you make a simple mistake, you die"""
IA brother?
"Most basic 15.6"" laptops run near 12V batteries at ~4,500mAh. Now it's hard to calculate how much laptops actually consume in amperage but I'll guestimate it. Since most laptops can last around 3 hours (more in some cases but I'll low ball it) I'll just assume they use 1,500mAh worth of capacity in an hour. A 20Ah bank at the proper voltage can last more or less than 13 hours depending on the voltage of the bank. Now by PC if he means an efficient All-in-one PC, the same bank could power one for 7 hours, more or less."
What's the best torture you can think of that DOESNT involve pain?
Biggie is better than Tupac
and we were hoping Welbeck would improve at 25
"Anybody else see the Nintendo NX reveal and think, ""I already do all of this stuff with my Surface Pro!"" Kickstand, some small Bluetooth controllers, tablet screen, connect to TV with display adapter, Steam, emulators, done. Only difference I see is that Nintendo exclusives should be fun!"
"I was looking my old sketchbooks, and thought this one was kinda morbidly funny."
"They actually fixed the jumping bug the complete madmen, can't believe they've done this!"
"I particularly have issue with that card that discovers a card from your opponent's deck. I saw people suggest this mechanism before and didn't think Blizzard would take it seriously. With these types of mechanisms being pushed more, Priest doesn't have to be current Shaman tier to be oppressive and extremely annoying."
"some muslims say that if you say bismillah then the chicken is halal, lmao..."
"5 to 9 inches of snow is expected to fall Sunday in the Green Bay area, along with winds of around 15mph."
I was going to pre-order because I wanted to but now... but now I'm pre ordering just to spite you. And I'm going to whisper your name while I do it.
"Maybe not once or twice. But plenty of people are watching this election without actually choosing to take part. Complacency is almost a way of life now. So, yeah, I do think reminding people to vote is important. And I do believe that there are some people who wouldn't have bothered or taken the time. But then they get on a platform they connect with, like Reddit, then over time the message can start to have more effect. More importantly, it's a practically nonexistent investment. With the hopes of encouraging others to take part in the process."
"From AskReddit - ""Adjusts tie and sips wine"""
"First they create a solution, then they invent a problem for it."
"Kessler: ""I love Cleveland. There's no where else I'd rather be. I love the under dog mentality."""
"Or give a female friend the same present he got you. ""You both have the same taste in earrings so I got you both the same set."""
Why can't we mix them together and get President Trill-ary?
Fun fact for anyone who cares. Kfc Cole slaw has no mayo in it. The liquid is a sweet onion sauce and the cabbage and carrots and stuff marinade in it for 6+ hours.
"Trigger the_Donald by reminding them that Trump lost the popular vote by 800,000. Be a shame if this made to r/all."
I look down so I don't step on poop
Have you tried addressing what makes you feel that way?
Right. It's completely subjective.
"This time two years ago, Oakland was 1-11. What's another example of a bottom team making a quick and successful turnaround?"
"Who counts as a late game adc? Vayne, Ezreal, who else?"
"I play Flower Cardians. I honestly can't see anything happening except for Allure of Darkness going up, and that's already expensive. Alternatively, a DARk Synchro variant of Synchrons. Ulti Tunings and Jet Synchron spike maybe?"
It costs money as I would have to buy a new phone that is good enough for GPS (about $200) and $30 a month or more for phone bills. So no it's not free. It's part of the price you pay for a phone.
"I mean, its all fine to circlejerk, but there are plenty of times when change is unnecessary, or would be harmful."
...really? You think he's never seen a baby before? That's a pretty crazy assumption.
WHYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY
"When I was seven I wasn't playing sexually with *anyone*, not even myself, and *certainly* not another kids, and even more certainly not with my own fucking *sibling*. No healthy prepubescent kid performs sex acts on other prepubescent kids. That's not how we're built; sex drives kick with puberty, not before it. Children performing sexual acts on each other is far from healthy for either kid and is known as ""child on child sexual abuse"" for a reason. What Lena did is undeniably fucked up. Now, *that said*, I *do* agree that children don't naturally sexually abuse other kids, and so I assume that something happened to Lena to fuck her up badly enough that she would think that her behavior was ok. And now that I've said *that*, I still hate Lena because she acts like what she did was acceptable. Lots of people did shitty things when they were young, but they *acknowledge* that their mistakes were mistakes. Lena acts like her abusive behavior was acceptable, and *that*'s why I think she's a shitty person."
"I love circus peanuts!...kind of a guilty pleasure though, as they are basically pure sugar, and i feel like I'm giving myself an instant case of type 2 diabetes."
I think they missed a perfect opportunity to give Paladins a Judgment themed mount.
You forgot hate crimes.
its also really going to depend on the cost for the necro. My gues is $19.95 for the pack. Which is absurd for the content they are giving. Would have preferred D2 LOD HD Personally.
"As a fat person. You guys are extremely under appreciated. Guys like you who cook our shit deserve much more credit than you get. Not only do you have to deal with assholes that can't cook, many cooks get shit for being even a few minutes behind. You guys are the shit."
"Matt Ryan is currently averaging 10.4 yards per pass. No quarterback has averaged over 10 yards per pass since 1954, and his closest competitor is Philip Rivers, 1.9 yards per attempt behind him."
"If anything's getting in anyone's bloodstream during sex, you're doing something very, very wrong."
"In Connecticut, in order to receive a pistol permit (required to purchase, own or carry a handgun), along with the application and fingerprint cards, you are required to submit a certificate of completion of the NRA Basic Pistol course with a certified and licensed instructor. It's not difficult and only takes one day or some instructors spread it out over two weeknights. I'm in full support of requiring that anyone purchasing a handgun be required to prove that they have some sort of formal training."
i don't know where to stream if though :((((
"Do you kill bugs? I've been wondering this for a while. Is it reasonable to never kill, not even bugs? Sometimes I'll see a roach, decide not kill it, and wonder if that was the smart thing to do because letting them live gives them the chance to reproduce and potentially become a problem. The whole reason I'm vegan is because I believe every sentient creature deserves life as much as I do. Though I wonder if that applies in every situation."
"I think one of them would only get more amped on sedatives, gave him liquid benadryl once and he was even more pumped up. the older one just fell asleep though."
"She forgot to mention: ""Will accuse you of rape the morning after"""
absolutelynotme_irl
How do we feel about Ernie Johnson as a baseball announcer? I am not a fan...
What rank are you?
"Sorry if I'm missing it, but what is the promo code? Thanks for posting this deal!"
Mail call
"Well men have other standards, but still you don't see men react like that."
"There's more to this than meets the eye: Russian hacking proposed by the Gov't, Power grid allegedly compromised, and not a single US aircraft carrier at sea for about 2 months? (which hasn't happened since WWII) This is getting scary quick."
MASSACHUSETTS COLLEGE STARTS FLYING US FLAG AGAIN
"Lester just told you stop and frisk was ruled unconstitutional and you said he's wrong? He just fact checked you, he's not wrong."
Why would you as the shouter reveal your DCI number?
"There should be a ""casual mode"" added to the game Most games have a ranked mode and casual mode, where your rank doesn't matter and you just play against people for fun. Since Clash Royale has become pretty competitive in it's life time, I think it would be a great idea to add something like casual mode. Right now you can only play ladder, tournies and challenges. Two of which need gems to be played (or you join a free tourny, but it's incredibly difficult to find one these days). Ladder is great and all, but you get frustrated really quick, so I don't see a reason why a casual mode shouldn't be added."
BAHAHAHAHA
"With the election just under 10 months away, this should be one of the key items. No public money for billionaires."
"PSA: ""Furnace efficiency"" guys going door to door in SW (Strathcona/Christie) right now Be careful everyone!"
"LF2M for chill ToO bounty run I'm playing with my 375 hunter and look 2 more for a bounty run. If flawless happens then cool. Please post PSN, class and level below for invite."
"Nah, it's pretty funny."
I think it's fair to say that early Kanye is his best work and it would be damn near impossible to top it.
(Question/Poll) what do you listen to /watch when cubing I watch/listen to a spongebob 24/7 stream
Funny how that propaganda works
Where is Jason Cheffetz when we need him?
GameStop PSVR preorder people post here!!!! My order status is still open. Paid for the 1 day shipping that's supposed to get it to you on release day. It's not looking too good right now. Any updates for your orders yet?
"I think we can give him a pass on Bringing out the Dead. Number one, fantastic movie. And number two, it's the only great acting out of Nic Cage, in my opinion, and I think that had a lot to do with having such a heavy-hitting director there to coax out the performance that was needed."
"Hampton on the bench is growing on me. He can cover 1,3,4,6,7 and 9 if there are any injuries. I know he is only getting about 10-15 minutes at the end of games lately but he is a good insurance policy to have in these big games."
Too far dude...
R6s Randomness....
They ask you if you can do it sooner.
My friend next to me recorded it so
"They don't force Priests to play Dragons, the potions and Lightbomb 2.0 are amazing for Control Priest."
"Our model was better. It's not the tech, it's how the product is produced and sold. Please do me a favor and read the book Economics in One Lesson. It's free online and it'll give you a pretty good idea of how products are sold to the benefit of everybody."
"This November 5 Is really important,it will decide a rigged election or a Trump Victory,without it we're toast"
Yeah it felt like EF wasn't there to play. Something was missing in the team.
The BCS would've put the same 4 teams in the playoff
"But it doesnt have the weather factor, Brazil makes the races much more exciting for that possibility of rain (2007,08,12)"
"It's not an option for most people, are you serious?"
wheat color? do you mind telling me your dimensions and the size you bought? been getting mixed responses from the fits being tts or oversized.
Argentine leader: Ivanka joined my call with Trump
"You can't call people ignorant on something YOU know and never tell them why they're wrong. That's like someone asking you if you know the way to a certain place and you tell them ""yes"" and walk away."
"If nuclear war was to break out in 2017, what do you think would be the reason?"
"Next time she's asking questions, turn it around on her. Why do you think the sky is blue? Where do you think babies come from? Why do you think daddy drinks?"
Top Minds of Reddit Swallow Fanciful 4Chan Tale of Trump Winning 436 EV
This looks so dumb. I already hate Sombra
Hardee's*
Donald Trump rages at A-list celebrities on Twitter
I pray these cunts get tried as adults.
Such as: Tux Racer Tux Racer Tux Racer and Tux Racer
"Awww, did you need a safe space?"
"To add to this, you can only combat log in a combat log"
I don't buy Trump's shtick that he doesn't drink. He's clearly drunk tweeting in this case.
Those are the most fun players to watch if they pan out.
Why would people buy fake followers. I just don't understand people sometime.
Three breads from three different flours (GBBO Bakealong)
Razz? Is that you?
My first ToO carry. I haven't done many of them but my first one was special.
Which is exactly what they do at H&amp;M. The mirrors attached to the pillars and walls are generally pitched back.
Wah wah it's so hard to be a cop. Fuck you.
My dad is kanye so there's that.
Check out this clip from LIRIK's broadcast
No One Summons Like Gaston!
He worked for George Soros. This will be fun.
"Sorry, but that's not enough for me to believe it."
Why do teenage girls write sexually explicit fan fiction? I thought they were supposed to be innocent?
"Yeah don't let them step on you they owe you your game. Tell them what your owed and don't leave till you get it. I personally can't stand Best Buy anymore after a couple really bad recent experiences with their bait and swap BS. I got my gears limited edition console from Target during the 15% off + 10% off + 5% off + 3 month Xbox live card last week so it ended up being much slicker than any Black Friday deal. Paid for the balance with gift cards that I got the week before when they were 20% off on Groupon so total actual cost was like $280 after tax. Absolutely beautiful console, you made a great choice!"
Has there been any talks of not allowing spectators? It really is quite obvious how many people use this to cheat and I only noticing it more and more now. Why not just allow people to not allow them?
Because nobody knows who Mario is
Hard to think of another equally good biometric in this situation
What is going to be on the news when this is all over?
Moving sand as a gl is hell. Fuck that shit!
It seems like they're both jerks obsessed with foreign cultures and have no respect for privacy or personal boundaries. They're actually perfect for each other.
"how is not being able to join your friend mid-game being ""something good"""
"I was just thinking about that last night. Born in the early 80s I have _no_ pictures of my childhood friends, except maybe a few at a birthday party when we were very young. By the time we had mobile phones we were all about 17/18 and those were true clunkers that could hold 10 texts at a time...not exactly smartphones. We made more use of CB radio and dialup internet to communicate than our mobiles. I think I got my first phone with a digital camera in about 2005, and by that time we were adults living in different parts of the country and never saw each other. But kids these days will be able to look back on thousands of pictures and videos of themselves and their friends...though they don't hang out for 16 hours a day like we used to."
3D graphics holograms that floats in mid air just became a real thing!
Billy Bob Thornton's performance in Sling Blade is one of the best examples of an actor completely disappearing into their character
Two guys in a Lamborghini try overtaking a Corvette
That's how you get yeast infections folks
"This is somewhat relevant; I needed an excuse to share. I've always wanted to come up with the best weird catchphrase for sex. A really end all, be all of the strangest possible thing to say at climax. Then I would head out to pick up one night stands. It wouldn't take very long before I would become known as, 'that chick that says [world's most ridiculous catchphrase]'. I would feel like a superhero. This is my dream."
He wants to see that one dude blow that other dude.
"yep I understand, if good rewards come out we should see the real top players of RTA"
FWD: Pass it on! AMEN!
History will be made on Nov 8th!
But a Gauss Rifle has nothing nuclear on it ?
"The rarest of all Pepe, the unborn Pepe baby that Hillary said is not a life and is OK to murder. Upvote to show your support to allow Pepe to be born."
Ainu you would!
"Do this to a handful of trucks on common cross-country interstates, and the rest of the country's truck drivers will be unwilling to work. Congratulations, you just shut down shipping nationwide."
Local government official who produced documentary on LGBT teens accused of 4-year predatory relationship with teen girl
"Sexist Transgender fans of Pokemon Go deem Mystic Team Leader ""non-binary"" because she ""looks neither male or female(???)"""
"she's not fucking 29 years old, she looks like she's in her mid to late 30s"
"TIFU by trying to prove that my phone screen wouldn't crack Having had smartphones for the past 4 years, I've never had a screen crack. No matter how many drops, the screen has always been fine. So over a meal today when someone wouldn't stop going on about how often their screen smashes, I tried to shut them up by hitting my phone against the table. Well what do you know, it smashed. It smashed really fucking bad. I even held it up and went *""see, they don't crack""* before realising. I then had to sit through another two hours of this douche boasting about all the times he's proved people wrong."
Sexually?
Read this if you love being vegan!
"To be clear, I am not a nudist, so I'm relaying what I've been told. Which is, they have a private community set up for their lifestyle, which is the whole point of spending quite a lot of money to live there. Further, there's a waiting list a mile long, so people who inherit property there should have no trouble selling it. So it's frustrating for the people who paid a lot of money to live in a place where nudity is the norm to slowly have more and more non-nudists move in and be clothed not just at home but even at official community functions."
He's going to be really said when he has to cut his costume open and get inside it to stay warm
"Am I the only one who thinks PPP and elixir collector will be viable during the new 2x elixir mode? PPP is a strategy that really needs elixir collector, partially because of the expensive pushes but also the fact PEKKA can get you some horrible trades and you need to recover. If Golem becomes popular, PPP will be a reliable counter and with elixir generating faster pump will be viable since you will have plenty to defend. Anyone else agree?"
Arsene Wenger: Arsenal boss says he is 'immune to excessive reactions'
A Candidate's Death Could Delay or Eliminate the Presidential Election
Welp that does it boys! Pack it in. We're done! Cooked!
Maybe people should wait until there are some facts before spewing alarmist crazyness all over the internet with a firehose.
"If I'm not able to have a tiny Husky riding in a red wagon as a flair, then this entire subreddit is a sham, and I walk."
"Straight up-- that was a fun game of hockey to watch. Also, I'm almost certain Matt Read will be taken by Vegas which is sad, because he really has been great this year at all the little things with and without the puck."
"Bagel Bites ""don't worry it's dank"""
"LOOK AT THIS VIDEO OF THE CROWD IN TAMPA FL!! EVERYONE VOTE, VOTE, VOTE!!!!"
If we're not supposed to eat animals then why are they made of meat?
"So, this is just another pro_trump spam sub now, right?"
"COME ON!? WHERES ALL THE SUNSHINE PUMPERS? What do you fucks have to say about this? Oh well get better from it? You fucks are part of the problem, trying to find the good when there clearly isn't any. Understand that we are being embarrassed. Understand that this team fucking sucks. We're going to lose by 50 and we're probably not gonna even find the endzone. This game was over the second they chose to play like shit inside OSU's 5. Get over Nebraska being relevant, they aren't even good."
What're your favorite songs from the 1970s?
"Don't be silly, they'd just order a shitload of pizza for you without paying and send a SWAT team."
"The number of times that I have taken a small human to the dick boggles my mind, man."
I do that sometimes in QP for a joke...maybe he was joking too.
"Tell that to my father, who was thrown from his bike and landed so hard his helmet was cracked in half. Or maybe my boyfriend, who was in a hit and run that left him in the hospital for months. According to the doctors, neither of them would've survived if they hadn't been wearing helmets."
I'll try.
I didn't learn a thing about Japanese internment camps when I was in school
What are your most COMFORTABLE sneakers? Pictures are appreciated
Can I get a legit Check on these V2s
"'Nam era US/ARVN Ground RB loadout could be great. AD-4, M41,M48,M551, B-57B. If you want to include stuff that wasn't in Vietnam proper, throw an M60A1 in there too. I could dream of the F-105 Thunderchief too, but it's likely that will remain a dream."
Mr. Rogers
Serious question since i've heard people make cases about bad rng like this. What do you think about people receiving pets automatically (or have a pretty much guaranteed drop) at 200m xp in a skill? Would that devalue pets too much or make 200m's more desirable?
"The curfew thing makes sense, didn't think about that. But yeah, Chicago does suck. We saw Rush at the United Center last year and security yelled at us because we were standing outside of our vehicle in the parking lot before the show. They called it tailgating and it wasn't allowed. No table, no grill, nothing other than four people standing between cars and talking."
Link for the tucking?
Thoughtseize vs Tidehallow sculler Which one is better in abzan coco?
Found a neat little spot this morning
"The point is that, to a European, never needing a passport in one's entire life may seem very foreign."
Those eyes bode nobody any good.
You can pre-order up until the game comes out yeah. Not sure about the other stuff
"You can't control your thoughts, because they aren't you. But that means you CAN control how seriously you take those thoughts. This is incredibly freeing, especially for somebody with anxiety :)"
"Interesting Filipino names for a boy? Ok so I've been thinking about names and I saw a recent thread here about names but for a girl. I'm not so well versed in Filipino so I wouldn't know names. So any suggestion would be appreciated, cheers!"
"Live Discussion (October 1st, 2016) (Margot Robbie / The Weeknd) Welcome to the SNL season premiere live discussion thread! This week's host is Margot Robbie, and the musical guest is The Weeknd. A quick recommendation to mention the sketch you're referring to in your comment. It's not a hard and fast rule, but it does make the thread more readable after the show finishes. Since this thread is likely to fill up quickly, consider sorting the comments by ""new"" (instead of ""best"" or ""top"") to see the newest posts. Enjoy the show!"
"Finally, we need to draw attention to the discrimination us gamers face from law enforcement and... ... ... man, I don't even feel like mocking this. It's just *too* sad. Like a puppy drenched in the rain."
100% of those who voted for Trump in the primary are human.
I kinda expected bigger numbers than that.. Thanks for the reply though!
"I think it's the reason Saban talks about complacency until everyone is sick of hearing about it (then he talks about it some more). Rebuilding years have a bunch of guys out to prove themselves and established teams think they can ride on success of past years because they've already been there, done that."
GQ is Cosmo for men.
"Valve teaches a kindergarten class to count to three. ""1, 2"""
"10 Good ""Horror"" Movies You've ACTUALLY Never Seen (A 50% Accuracy Guarantee)"
What the SJW's are sharing on my feed right now
First year in a long time I haven't really felt the holiday spirit and this time of year is BY FAR my favorite. I think its just growing older for me. It just really sucks in every way and us millennials have nothing to look forward to...
This absurdity from adidas on the new All Blacks jersey
LeIncline
There is no way he will keep going back and forth. Once he is the president he will have way too much to do to go back to nyc that much.
"that guy was really nice, a bit naive, but he wasnt full of shit, he answered the questions, and wasnt a dick good for him"
I'm from Indiana too so that makes 3 of us! Basically the whole population at this point
"Yup, that's what PAX Aus CM confirmed me on twitter (3 days later)."
Or alternatively the first time in 14 billion years.
His and Her burgers (4048 x 3036)
"The right-wing has congealed around a hysterical, conspiracy theory-fueled consensus towards liberals. They believe Obama and Hillary are out to destroy the country, one health insurance registration and common-sense tax policy at a time."
How come Americans don't find that horrifying?
"I've heard of something similar for different aircraft- adding extra guns to try and beef up their defences. Supposedly an Anson crew managed to shoehorn a 20mm cannon onto their aircraft somehow. There's also a story I read somewhere about a Sunderland getting shot up by a brace of Ju88s. So while the aircraft was being repaired, the crew went out and grabbed every machinegun they could get their hands on and juryrigged them all over the place."
black people who smoke: why is it always menthols?
ELI5 the TPP deal and the consequences it carries for the US.
"You know I didn't realize it before, but saying that there can be exceptions for rape is extremely stupid. When the majority of rape cases don't have proof, we will be forcing women to commit ""murder"" or have children. Our foster systems and jails are ready. Hey are foster systems privitized yet? WE CAN MAKE SO MUCH MONEY SELLING CHILDREN."
This is some spongebob level shit man
why is it weird for a dude to call another dude handsome but girls call other girls beautiful all the time
I found some tiger pups!
"To be honest, I never really caught the rivalry or whatever between Frank/Weeknd/Miguel. When I wanna fuck, I turn on Miguel. When I'm turning up, I turn on The Weeknd. When I'm in my feelings, I turn on Frank Ocean. They're too different, in my opinion, to compare. They're all amazing at what they do and they each have their niche in music."
"Dwight always starts off not shit, then it goes to shit"
What is the most unexpected sentence?
"Out of context, this headline is very concerning."
"20 keys, black spiralis, sweeper heatwave, keys, good offers"
"The sausage symbolises the dick of the rich and powerful. As in, *you think you could change something with your vote?* eat my sausage."
Can I cash in early on the karma train?
Well fuck.
Sol's butt- I mean accidentally stealing someone's penta.
You're getting a hell of a deal We charge $45 minimum for an hour of labor
Care to elaborate?
"He might not have known it was warded. Even in high elo, people often don't watch the buffs before they spawn."
Fellow women of Reddit: What's your opinion about guys that only take only one type of photo? Does that mean something is wrong?
"Why is no one talking about how Bill raped and email in Benghazi, and gave it Parkinson's disease. The email couldn't keep the affair (c)ondential, so Hillary sacrificed her in a blood ritual to Satan. And then declared war on the canned foods section at a grocery store to take out the pickle jar who was going to leak the story."
How did Guy use summoning jutsu against Kisame? I thought he couldn't do ninjutsu. He summoned a big frog to jump from its back in his last fight against Kisame. Or is summoning not ninjutsu?
"Yeah, they made jokes about her killing people, being unlikable and out of touch with the average American...Wait a minute."
Isn't she the chick whose son was murdered by her boyfriend?
"Could be, but that's From Soft, right? Many possibilities, even more questions, few concrete answers."
It's not a moral objection. I just don't feel good about myself if I go for someone I don't find attractive.
Hey! Any chance that you can add the ability to download or save images directly in swipe mode? Love your app!! Thanks for all your hard work.
"The DB Xenoverse episode. Hearing Woolie trying to pull the Mary Sue card on the CaC combined with their general refusal to pay attention to the controls and shitting on the game made my fucking blood boil. It sucked twice as hard seeing as I like Xenoverse 1 *a lot*, still play it frequently, and plan on getting Xenoverse 2 for Christmas. Also, Pat repeatedly bashing Superman mildly irks me. I wouldn't care if it was a specific version of Supes, but hating on the DCAU version is IMHO unacceptable."
How about driving around at 17 years old and smoking by yourself.
Specializing in 'Bad fire cars' and 'Abortion flood accidents'
"Do you bite your thumb at me, sir?"
Russian Journalist Arrested for Election Fraud (After Filming Election Fraud)
JFKs wife. She had blood on her clothing after he was shot.
Mulva?
These new pokemon variants in Sun and Moon are getting out of hand.
I did! Voted for Trump on Thursday
My own battlestation! &lt;3
I know that bridge! It's a great view!
"God damnit. I work 7 days a week, I pay a third of my pay in taxes, and I am up to my ears in debt starting a small business (that gives people jobs)--and they give my money to Asia? Why?"
you can find azk in too much for zblock too.
Do you understand what is happening yet?
"I'm waiting for a good 4.7""-5"" for a decent price. Sony's compact this year was a huge disappointment."
"There is only one standard: In the United States individuals are presumed innocent until proven guilty. Again, it is simply a fact that Hillary is not a criminal (at this time) because she has not been convicted of any crimes. I'm not aware of any evidence that anything was destroyed while under subpoena. I've seen rumors and innuendo to that effect, but no solid evidence. With the number of people gunning for Clinton right now, I feel very confident that if such evidence existed, it would definitely see the light of day."
"And now, aghs magina too."
"I heard that too. Clinton campaign in Ohio says they aren't worried. Also, turnout in Philadelphia is up BIGLY"
"""Your sleeping schedule is inconvenient to me."""
MRW I'm chilling at work and my boss suddenly appears
"Not all of them though, just saying."
Misguided peasants
Val Browning with a BAR in the argonne offensive
Revenge is never enough.
Took the back way home. Methow Valley.
"PSA - Sears Citi new 10x Thank You Points Promo So after hardly ever using this card the past few years, it seems that Citi will not let me keep it in the drawer. Just received an email for 10X Thank You points for online purchases (up to $1,000 or 10,000 TYP), in addition to the 1 point per $ base from 11/15 thru 12/31. This after receiving 10x TYP on gas, grocery, and restaurant up to 10,000 points per month since September. Not everyone it seems had their Sears Citi converted to the TYP system (and if you don't have the Citi Preferred, Premier, or Prestige, they would be the non valuable, non transferable points). But for those that have been able to combine their TYP accounts, it seems to be a pretty decent return."
"I know a lot of people have been grumbling about the new bonus category for the Platinum not living up to the hype. It actually sort of worked out well for me, because I needed a flight to San Francisco next weekend for a conference. The best part is that I get reimbursed, so can't go wrong, right? Well, I had to purchase my ticket on October 4th to confirm my attendance, but when I called the Concierge the next day to ask about retroactive credit (because the category doesn't start until today), they said that they could not extended. I even explained that I also have the PRG, and having heard about the announcement on Tuesday and thinking it couldn't have worked out any better, would otherwise have put it on my PRG. I ended up cancelling the ticket thanks to United's 24-hour cancellation policy, but the price has since jumped in the past 24 hours to about $200 more for the transcon. However, the other reason I was pushed to cancel was because some of the logistics around the conference seem a bit sketchy. * They were supposed to contact me 3 weeks out (about 2 weeks ago) confirming my attendance. They did it only two days ago. * They needed a confirmed ticket to SFO as a way to confirm attendance, which I sent them two days ago almost as soon as I received their email. * I haven't received any more email since then. My plan was to book a hotel for the weekend as soon as they got back to me, but since they haven't... Anyhow, I think it'll work out in the end. If I have to pay the higher price for a ticket, it just means more points to look forward to in the future."
Need mandatory voting that is traceable to a single person but simultaneously encrypted (i.e. like Bitcoin) for everyone tbh.
Had to be circumcised when I was in SECOND grade. My foreskin was constricting my ability to urinate. It was the the most difficult thing to deal with post op. Parents had to change bandages regularly. Everytime I used the bathroom in the classroom it would take me ten minutes to undress and redress the bandages... It was overall a terrible experience and wish it had been done at birth. That is the reason I would circumcise my son at birth.
ZLATAN 2-0
It's CGI.
11 Discontinued Cars That Won't See 2017
Why are shitskins so racist? I'm talking about brown AND black niggers. AKA Apu and Tyrone.
not sure how I'm going to change the textures..
Why doesn't it make sense? A lot of people find comfort in revenge.
You have to start with 0 gold......
I'm not sure what the numbers are on that but I can definitely tell you that if a hunter dropped Sylvanas on turn 6 instead of Highmane I would breathe a sigh of relief. And she's inarguably one of the best legendaries in the game. Highmane is just so ridiculously overpowered.
"I think he's just using the words ""you"" and ""I"" to prove a point. I don't think he's actually scolding that user."
Transphobia and homophobia are very much related and treated very similarly socially. People also seem to forget what trans women's contribution to the stonewall riots was (as they were at the time considered gay male transvestites). Trans people have been in the gay rights movement since the very start.
Definitely pizza. It's always one more slice
"In what world can someone honestly put ""a little chubby"" next to 350lb. You're not a black bear. Pls stop."
Because she doesn't screw people over.
"Honest question: How does one verify that staff have 'sent people to shill'? That's not a great practice, but a lot of unfounded, assumptive accusations get thrown around here (and anywhere online, really) on a daily basis."
"Rapid unplanned disassembly? Damn it, Jeb!"
IN COMING! AH!
Me too thanks.
Any hotline miami fans here?
Or it could be a long EP. Like 7 tracks.
cry more lol this season has been more active and has so far lasted longer than the past few
At least he's reasonably self-aware
they went to OT against Arizona who was starting a backup RB and QB. their backup had 100 yards rushing before snapping his ankle.
Wouldn't this like make feathers obsolete?
"I had a prof in college who drank a 24 pack a day of the stuff, doctor made him stop, and he had full on withdrawal symptoms for a while after, that shit is no bueno"
She cheated their candidate out of the nomination and now they don't want to vote for her. Go figure.
Gary Johnson Wants to Ignore Climate Change Because the Sun Will Destroy the Earth One Day
What is with you lunatics and ALWAYS mentioning rape when it doesn't belong. What is wrong with you people?
"Haha this brings up another topic. Step 1: be attractive. If these chicks were hot, people would be patting that kid on the back, which is absurd."
Got a haircut and now I feel unnatractive :( help
Anti-Trump Rally Today At The University Of Texas
One or the other? There are normal people who have only slept with a few people. I wouldn't call them sluts.
No it'll be the majority of people.
I KNOW THEY DIDNT TAKE OUT THE CHICKEN NOISE WHEN YOU GO TO PRESTIGE BUT THEN BACK OUT
"The GDP would obviously not increase, but the GDP per capita might. ;)"
I made a snow-jail!
My hymen.
"That's chicken MAN to you, buddy."
"Thanks to the dusty engrams, I'm back in my favorite Iron Banner armor set - Iron Breed"
Fritz the Cat (1972)
Lame..
"Is anyone trusting Gates this week? He's had a ton of targets the last few weeks, but Henry still seems to be the preferred red zone target. I hear a lot of talk about the TD record, but it's not translating to his recent games. Are you starting him with upside or going with someone else?"
CSGO Level Design Boot Camp - Day 6 - Introduction to Props
Snap chat filters
That wink-to-end-an-impromptu-staring-contest move is gold. I'm definitely using it on mass transit as soon as needed.
It's being covered by your reticle...
Hope he's okay :(
I've actually got an idea for a music video for TWW and that song for when wood elves come out
Official Game Thread: Baltimore Ravens (1-0) at Cleveland Browns (0-1) ...
Don't forget Casillas too
Game Day Thread: New York Jets (1-1) at Kansas City Chiefs (1-1)
"More of a paypal than a flipping question. I was sourcing products, used my paypal debit card to purchase. I bought something for $35, the charge never went through and I called Paypal, they canceled the $35 pending charge, and let me repurchase. A week later they dumped another $35 into my account, after sending an email about a ""provisional credit"" that was added to my account. Any idea why they're double refunding me? I assume this ""credit"" will dissapear in a few days? I called Paypal and they won't remove the money."
Wax on.
"But if it isn't reviewed, how does anybody know it's right? Nothing ""needs"" to be reviewed to be right or wrong. It needs to be reviewed to *verify* its correctness or incorrectness."
"Anime recommendations for someone who's relatively new to anime? I've seen ""Attack on Titan"" and ""Death Note"" in their entirety, and as a kid, I really liked the OG ""Pokemon"", ""Yu-Gi-Oh!"", and ""Dragon Ball Z"". What else (preferably something popular) should I take a look at?"
"Champions should have a global taunt for everyone to hear after getting a penta kill. I know some people will get pissed off after hearing someone like Aurelion sol saying globaly something like ""Pathetic creatures"", but also it would be super cool. I don't think it would be much of a big deal since we can already spam ctrl+4 to spam laugh in lane. I think it would be best if the global taunt was sounded after the announcer said ""Penta kill"". Maybe it would work aswell for solo kills, double kills, triples, etc. What do you think?"
We'll cut away from this pick 6 to show you live feed of the ground
How was your weekend? What went well? What didn't?
this just makes me more convinced that YNK is stanislaw's father
"MGTOW fairy tale: the happy village a long time ago in a little village there was a farmer and a farmer's wife, a miller and a miller's wife, a baker and a baker's wife, a hunter and a hunter's wife, a tailor and a tailor's wife, a carpenter and a carpenter's wife, a smith and a smith's wife, a barber and a barber's wife, a shepherd and a shepherd's wife, a fisherman and a fisherman's wife, and also a seamstress whose husband had died in the war. the carpenter built houses for everyone and repaired everything that anyone needed repaired, and the tailor made enough clothes for everyone and the barber kept everyone groomed and pulled any sore teeth anyone had and the fisherman provided fish for everyone and so all the men made all the things that the village needed. the wives of the village spent their days keeping the homes clean and looking after all of the children and everyone was very happy except for the seamstress. she made the finest embroidery and worked with silks and made fine things for the wives, and in return the men provided her what she needed from their trades. but she was sad because the wives looked down on her and she missed her husband dearly. one day a stranger came to the village. she told all the villagers that she was a femalist (which is *not* a code word for an evil, blue-haired, Satan worshipping, bloodsucking cunt-witch) and she told the wives that they were unhappy. she told them that they were being held back from having their own trades because the men wanted to be powerful. and the wives heard this and became angry with their husbands. and the wives and the widow and the femalist wrote rules and brought the rules before a meeting of all the villagers and voted on them. the men, thinking that everything had always been fine without these rules voted no, but the wives and the widow outnumbered them, and all the rules passed. one rule stated that no crops would be planted until there had been an environmental impact survey. and so Mrs. Farmer became an environmental surveyor and Mr. Farmer could not sew his crops until she had done her work. another rule said that no structure should be built except according to a drawing from a certified architect. and so Mrs. Carpenter became an architect and her husband could not build until she had planned his work for him. still another rule forbid baking except in an approved food preparation facility. and so Mrs. Baker became a health inspector and the baker could not bake until his wife approved his kitchen. and so all of the wives had jobs that had to be done before the men could do their jobs. the carpenter did wonder how his wife, who knew nothing of the strength of materials or of the techniques of building would draw better houses than he did. and the barber wondered how his wife would know if he were doing a bad job and needed his license revoked. and likewise all of the men wondered how their own wife having a job telling him what to do would make his work any better. but they all agreed that it was good that the women be strong and independent and have their own jobs. and so the wives set to work. first Mrs. Carpenter drew an office building where they would all go to work, and since he had not permission to build anything else, the carpenter built the office. it took a long time and he had to work twice as hard and twice as long for a long time to catch up with everything else that fell to disrepair in that time, but he agreed that it was good that the women have an office to do their work. next Mrs. Baker arranged for her husband to bring the wives food in their offices every day. and so the baker had to stop baking each day to make the delivery and he had to work a little later each night and still could not finish as much food as he had prepared before, but he agreed that it was good for the wives to have bread and cakes at their office so that they could work and be strong and independent. and likewise all of the wives set as a condition of their approval for their husbands' professions that they provide whatever the wives needed in order to do their jobs. and all the men had to work a little harder, and have a little less to show for it, but all agreed that it was good. and when the wives got their paychecks they took all of their money to the seamstress and bought finery and extra things for themselves. and the seamstress made more money than she had ever had and she bought as much as she could use of all the products that all the men of the village made and she bought even more than she could use for she was a wise woman and liked to prepare in case she were ever unable to work. and the men took their goods home to their wives and there was not enough food for anyone and there was not enough clothes for anyone and there was not enough of anything that anyone needed. the men had not made as much of everything and the seamstress had purchased much of their produce and sold it on to other villages. and everyone was miserable but everyone agreed that it was good for the wives to be strong and independent. and then the femalist came back to the village and talked to all the wives at the office while their husbands were working. and they told her of their woes. and she told them that they were unhappy because the men were still holding them back. and she counted all of their paychecks and found that they would not be able to buy half of all of the goods that the village produced and that they were suffering under an oppressive ""wage gap"". and she told them that they needed new rules to give them equal pay to their husbands and that then they would be happy. and the women voted to raise their own pay to that of the men. and the widowed seamstress voted with them because she was a wise woman and knew that she could raise her prices if her customers had more money to spend. and things became even worse than before. the women still spent all their money on fine apparel for themselves and the village became even more starved for food and necessities. and the men all asked their wives to keep more of their money for family expenses, but the wives were cunning and had been warned by the femalist that this was ""financial abuse"". and things continued to get worse. and the femalist came again and listened to the women lamenting their fate. and the femalist told them that they were all being abused and raped by their husbands. and she told them to all get divorced and that they should have custody of the children because they made as much money as the men and could care for the children themselves. after all, they were strong and independent now. and the femalist told them that the men should pay half of the expenses of the children to the women out of their earnings. and so the women voted and expelled all the men from their homes. and the men built modest accommodations for themselves and conserved everything they could keep from their ex-wives. and they were not as happy as they were before, but they lived a decent existence. and the ex-wives were more miserable than ever. and the seamstress was covered in fine jewels and was waited upon by barbarian slaves she purchased from the nomadic tribe of chad. and the wives were jealous and hated her. and the femalist came again to the village and told all of the villagers that they needed for the women to ""lean in together"" and ""ban bossy"" so they could get ""more women in tech"" and elect the ""first woman president"" because ""yes means yes"" and ""end street harassment"". and finally the men of the village understood that they were hearing meaningless words. and that these were satanic incantations of a cunt-witch. and they tied the femalist to a stake and burned her to death. and they fucked whores from the chad tribe and told their ex-wives to go fuck themselves. and the men and the widow lived happily ever after."
Just rolled in for a tire rotation and a balance
"Sometimes you release information like this to get people to panic, react, and then move. You say SAS has a hit list and then you listen to chatter and see what members ISIS thinks it is. Who is valuable. You watch and see who tries to move positions etc."
(Big Hand)check.
"Which animatronics do use ""Xscream3"" and which do use ""Xscream2"" in FNaF2?"
I don't know if you're joking or not but you must be an exceptionally bad Rogue player if you're complaining about Rogues right now.
"What he mentioned sounds like pretty English style home cooking. My mom would make similar stuff. (Meatloaf, mashed potatoes, peas)"
"2 minute warning, 4 min commercial break. 3 second FG, back to 4 min commercial break......"
Anything on CO
What's a word you cannot stand to see written or hear?
Thought it was 25k points?
I couldn't help but laugh
The salty or the sweet kind?
"Just so you know the Deadpool movie is part of the X-Men franchise, which is owned by 20th Century Fox. So not Disney."
This would probaly be hard to make. And make new animations too
What movie death bit you the hardest?
Not so major event? I'm 24 and I've never seen an industrial building explode infront of me.
Mine came with this but I got it months ago
Also good as a manual ad blocker/pay wall workaround.
Just don't be the guy at gerts yesterday who went up to every single girl sequentially asking to join.
buying gf
**Pick 3** standard scoring bonus pts for 100/125/150 yards Green vs PIT Fitzgerald v NO Garcon v CAR Diggs v IND Marshall v Mia Mitchell @ Den
they once said the same thing about Mark Martin and Roush.
Frost S&amp;D.
Did they call it?
that's two weeks in a row Foles has missed a wide open receiver on a sure TD. Although I don't think there's really going to be a big QB controversy among the fans after this week anyway.
"New Orleans Pelicans (0-6) @ Golden State Warriors (4-2) | November 7th, 2016 #Oracle Arena, Oakland, CA. **Tipoff:** 9:30pm CST **Channel:** FSNO #Let's Geaux Pelicans"
Nope. We're repeating 2016. Over and over and over. It's Groundhog Year *Forever.*
"Many women's sense of entitlement is so great that they feel they shouldn't contribute anything to a relationship, and that the man should do everything."
"No, in this case one candidate better served Russian interests, namely, reduced tension between NATO an Russia, and peace in Syria. On the flip side, the other choice was better for Saudi and neoconservative interests. If Hillary won, no one would say the Saudis chose our president."
Amazon delivery drivers 'feel compelled to defecate in vans' to save time
Milhouse is not a meme.
Have any of them been fake yet? Why would that change? All this says to me is that she knows more is still out there.
Kristaps Porzingis Onyx Free Agent Card is 2 inches shorter than his regular card
What the fuck in the game tape told doug that QB draws were going to work? And why does he keep trying it even after it gets fucked each time?
"Pop EDM is the closest thing I can get to actual electronic music on my car stereo. Because everything about radio sucks now, apparently."
"yeah, a strict dress code will fix everything."
Because socialism is a classless society where means of production are not privately owned. Just because it is subsidized by the governement doesn't mean it's socialist.
"Nah, I'm not defending the games nor against them either. ""Don't judge a game before it's out"" to me is the same as ""Don't count your chicken before they're hatched."""
Can't wait for the NFL to come out and say they fucked up on the td call
"Comey wrote the letter, they're just reporting it."
The packaging on my guitar strings makes it look like they're gonna improve my sex life.
Hillary is like a robot with faulty programming.
"If you had to spend 24 hours in a locked, empty room with a celebrity- and nothing sexual can take place, only conversation- who would you pick to be with?"
"How to debunk, according to Wikipedia."
"""As an excuse""? Sorry bub, but if the dude she just met comes before her kid, she's a shitty mom. You ain't all that, the kid lived up in her womb and she pushed it out her baby chute. Best you can do is visit the baby chute."
Chevy Chase did a pretty good bumbling Ford. Dan Akroyd did a passable Nixon.
"an xbox smoke is one of the most common smokes in the game so it doesnt really mean anything if someone does. if a xbox smoke was only thrown when someone goes on cat, that would be stupid as it would be easily readable."
"They are, but Zootopia is definitely more deserving than Your Name."
I like this pic!
lol this team. The fucking redskins gonna destroy us lol
"I've realized that too, you used to see him pissed when the camera would pan to him after a penalty or a blown play. Now he just seems off."
"It might be in the snapchat previews, there are still two songs that we know nothing about"
GiantWaffle plays a Song
"Don't worry, I won't. But like hell I'll vote for Hillary."
Early to mid. I remember taking the little cartridge things and stacking them up. Or shooting them like lead darts at people.
"I think Adam said over $200k. Depending on where you live and how you live, I'd say it should be enough."
Everyone's got their drug of choice
"If I cleaned my vacuum cleaner, does that also make me a vacuum cleaner?"
"I would support the UBI if in return we would get rid of all welfare payments, regulation and the only tax would be for UBI Sounds like a sweet deal to me fam."
What is the first alcoholic beverage you had?
"Yes, there's absolutely no reason for them outside of combat. I don't give a shit if you ""need"" to hunt using your AK-47 or your M16. If you need a semi automatic weapon meant for killing humans to catch your game, then maybe you should log some hours at the range, cause you are a terrible hunter."
Bonnie WIP 2 (now he doesn't look like freddy anymore)
"Fake, also big guys have no cardio. Watch some top MMA and realize how ez you can kite them."
because NYPD never gets in pursuits
Only once he got to a point where Wong was alive again.
"I'm similarly concerned that if Trump wins outright, Obama will seek to decertify the results claiming that Russia rigged the election."
can someone site where the 650000 number came from?
Nigel Hayes demands change from Wisconsin after racial incident
Has dice acknowledged they know about this? More often than not I can't see the endgame screen also.
"Sry, but if you make a Jumper, you have to give certain stats that every jumper weapon has: ~~**Deals no self damage**~~ ~~**+200% max ammo**~~ ~~*Cannot carry the intelligence*~~ Also, the jumper weapon shouldn't deal ANY damage. The main thibng of jumper weapons is that they are made for jumping around and not dealing damage or to learn how to jump with certain weapons. Another problem is that this weapon has increased height and speed from jumps. Jumper weapons shouldn't have betetr movement than their normal counterparts. Learning with this weapon isn't possible because it doesnt provide the same movement as the normal weapon. But the biggest thing I have is that a Jumper Flare Gun would make the Detonator completely useless, because the entire use of the Detonator is the jumping. Making a weapon that focuses on jumping ruins this."
"I can just imagine the people of 16AD now... Sat around all day thinking about sentient AI, life on other planets, and the next time they'll have chance to look up pictures of funny cats on the Internet."
"I wonder why they even announce plans like this to the public. I'm guessing it's because the operation has been underway for awhile, but they haven't seen much movement from the targets. So they're playing mind games."
That's not how you check if the targeting laser works
X-Devil mk2 crates Also have: Dominus snakeskin Dominus arcana Octane dragon Lord
Eli has the Manning face already
I've heard he does like to grab under the hood to have a look.
You do realize that even 6 degree warming won't kill humanity right?
It's because we overshadow them. Being a huge city with arguably the biggest Canadian team makes them feel inadequate. It's cool to hate something popular
I agree that this is garbage. Different strokes for
WiFi
Let's all thank him one last time
"Yes, there are no eggs"
Dual-Type Eeveelution Variants (read comments)
Oddly enough this is the opposite for me.
How Did the Cubs Build a World Series Squad?
CAUTION: CTR is making fake emails and posting them as screenshots. Make sure to always include a link to the email to ensure its validity.
New John Wick 2 poster is so Payday-ish.
"Because if Brady's still undefeated, we need him to go for the individual 15-0 season to beat the '72 Dolphins and redeem '07."
"Problems with the Ottomans as Venice So, I started a game as Venice a couple of days ago, looking forward to the Italian princes dropping out of the HRE so i can form italy. Everything is going well, I have annexed naxos, still hold negroponte, and still hold crete. I had to give up Durazzo and Corfu in a past war with the Ottomans. I am pursuing relations with Cypress, with the eventual plan to annex them and have major trade control. While things might seem fine for now, until i have to go to war with the Italian nations, war with the Ottomans is looming. They have a core of Negroponte, Naxos, and Crete, all major points of trade for my nation. I have a great relationship with Austria and Hungary, as well as the papal states, Im afraid that the Ottomans will go down and try to take full control of Greece before even attacking the Hungarian front. Should i start building up forces on the islands of Naxos and Negroponte? Should i produce a better navy to blockade my islands in case of war? Is is even worth it? Should I just give up those islands if war was to happen? I feel like my nation is backed up on a few islands in the Ottoman's territory and there is not much i could do, as the Ottomans have a better navy than me. Please help, as i think losing those provinces would give me a major loss on trade income. Thanks!"
Literally everything you said can't happen either.
At this point I wouldn't be surprised if Sin Cara fucked up Brock.
That's probably true regardless of whether or not they're Jews.
"As long as Rocket is in there, I'm good. Love that little bastard."
"Closing houses? Hi everyone, Just as hopefully everyone else on this sub, I love this game. But I've been having some difficulties, and I'll list them off in hope that some of you can help me out... 1. Houses. In my recent game I've had a terrible starvation where 90% of my population died off. As a result, my survivors were scattered across the map. So I closed buildings in favour of bunching my people up to close walking distance. So now all my people are living in different houses close together, so instead of at least adults coupling up everyone decided they needed their own house. So now, firewood was being used at an insane rate to heat all these barely populated homes. Do I have to demolish every single house to prevent this? A feature to 'close' houses would be perfect to prevent this perhaps. 2. Maps. As a noob player I find it frustrating to get maps that are littered with hills and lakes. Perhaps it's like that to make the game more challenging but can we have some maps that are flatter (noob friendlier...) that don't force me to stretch my town across thin valleys and make forester lodges a pain in the ass to place. I know there are mods for this but vanilla features for this would be wonderful! P.S. How does everyone manage to feed their town past the 150 population point? Nothing seems to help for me."
Everybody rise from your couches and beds.
"Get some agmatine. It will help lower your tolerance and help keep it from building back up. Try 500-750mg 3x daily. Also, find the dose that works for you and stay with it. Taking more and more to chase a feeling is a sure fire way to increase tolerance. Katom's effects can vary from day to day depending on many factors, and it seems like the mood lift can be the most variable. If you are having times where it doesn't seem to do much, taking more will pretty much guarantee that you will start to need more. If you just stick with your normal dose, it will start working again."
Gibraltar approves same-sex marriage
"Was that knick measured is my question, or is there a pic of the knick with a ruler in it? I couldn't find one. But if it less than or;=.329"" my theory is moot"
Overhead this at the mall
OP never said what country.
"Discussion day, removed."
"They gave Jordan the MVP when he was 35, because he was the best player on the #1 seeded team. This could be Lebrons chance"
Just do it
"Feels good, I think he could have made that yard though if they let him sneak it. I guess Tyrod just doesn't have the same manly voice EJ does"
"Maybe he's turned his teammates into that. So he only has to thank one group one time. Everyone says how efficient he is, it isn't necessarily beyond the scope of possibility."
Source? Wamt to hear robbie singing me into sleep.
Down voted for being a tit nothing else.
"""Im sorry Aqui, please, call me Roshak. You must understand my apprehensive attitude, My people have been a prime target for slavers for generations. I am happy to connect you with the right people, but I would ask not for credits in return, rather i have a proposition for you that would benefit us both greatly...if you would be interested of course. """
They might have been able to handle a woman but certainly not *that* woman. Republicans lose their fucking minds over the Clintons.
What DBZ pops do you want to see?
But it was just one game
Oh that's right! He killed one at the end. My bad man. I forgot all about that. So I will eat a...
I can maybe do Sunday night!
"Yeah - I can only really play Shadowpriest forever because I've been playing since release. For the record, my Reno Ressurect N'Zoth Shadowpriest has been a terror in wild? I'm not sure how that helps you, though. =/"
You had about 1 in a gorillian chance to meet harambe.
what was your first thought when you woke up this morning?
Its just a blister.
Got the missing one. Yeah. It has a shell until it loses half its HP. Then the shell breaks away to show whichever color it is.
"I've seen some of their training, and they do some top-tier level shit. Also, one guy posted how they accidentally spilled hot coffee on of the Cobra after a training session near the town. The guy shook it off, gave a large tip, and paid for the second coffee, even though the one who spilled it on him offered to pay for it."
"I use microwaves daily. Should I cease doing so? Why? I'm a busy man so I cook some/most of my food in bulk (a few days worth of rice, veg and potatoes) then reheat it via a microwave. Your thoughts????"
No way this isn't satire.
Finally took some collection pics
Does anyone else just deal with gold? When I DM I set gold value to everything. Having to convert to copper or silver just seems annoying and time consuming. Does anyone else do this? Is there any benefit to using copper and silver?
Senior year of High School is stressful and now we're reading 1984 by George Orwell which I've read before and hate. DAMN YOU SENIOR ENGLISH
Broward is mostly in and Trump is still up!
"I'll be at a viewer party with my ground team. If you're in a swing state get on the streets, it's a good time and you'll meet some cool people."
"Of course i have, I'm not a democrat."
"If you were a player in one of these clips its not because I ""rekted"" you and wanted to show off. I consider all of these players skilled and worthy opponents, many times they beat me. Please remember these clips are (mostly) from competitive matches, which means feints, drags, and reverse overheads are commonplace and accepted as legitimate game mechanics as they should be. Please keep your personal opinions"
Booker salt incoming
"In the debate, Hillary said that she believes police should use force only when necessary. How could she implement it and how effective would it be at saving lives? I think that there are a few issues here: -The SCOTUS, arbiter of federal oversight on local policing, has established probable cause and objective reasonableness, not necessity, as the test for when police use of force is justifiable under the Constitution. I don't know if the President can change that. -Comparative studies among developed countries that show the police killing rate reformers believe the US should aspire to...afaik these countries all have significant structural differences from the US (less untreated mental illness and less driving per capita as well as more provisions to keep guns and even knives out of the hands of troubled individuals). It might be possible that most US police killings are necessary and would occur in France or Canada under the same circumstances; it's just that those circumstances don't happen there as much as there's less driving, meaning less traffic stops and less concern about unarmed suspects squishing cops with 2 tons machinery, as well as better healthcare and better background checks for guns."
"At this point I'm not even agitated anymore. I'm just sad. And exhausted. No matter what anyone says, or shows, to this individual they will never change their mind."
Euroclassic Furniture is already courting Chloe
"Louie's is famous for its attention to detail, food and design alike. Just look at this fine belly mirror."
Eddie Bauer.
Matthews first NHL goal
"Awww, the alt-right suddenly becomes sensitive when the other side drops the PC mindset and actually tells it like it is."
H Build Discussion Thread Discuss bugs and features here as well as provide feedback to changes.
Why don't you guys go ahead and elect one?
And they should change up the ring girls outfits.
I see four people without a pet
Guthix staff isn't free...
what's bazz's snap?
~~CARDGAMES~~ POKEMONBATTLES ON TAUROS
It's great. I'd preorder it but I swore I'd never do that again. I'll buy it when it releases. Shove the extra skins up your ass EA.
Overwatch is mentaly unhealthy.
"Here's an interesting tidbit for you: This has been reported in many places, not just the register."
Who's voice could you listen to for hours on end?
Yes you'll be able to control it via RS232. but why not put in an Extron touch panel?
What's the worst second-hand embarrassment you've ever experienced?
"Made a cinematic music video with the first 2 trailers, thought you guys would enjoy it!"
Kinda like major media news in the US right now. They're just friends of Obama and the Clinton's who censor the truth and allow a bunch of biased bullshit.
To be honest she has slightly less chance of getting reelected than a snowflake has in a blast furnace.
Or a level 4 YouTube Hero.
^^^^card ^^^^subject ^^^^to ^^^^change
The board artists obviously didn't want to draw that kiss. Their hearts are with Starco.
"all minister salaries are pegged to global standards, Parliamentary attendance and yearly improvements made to 99.9% of Singaporean lives. no bonuses allowed."
"Can I upvote this twice? Yeah perhaps again, all we need is another 10 years"
ELI5: MimbleWimble
"Mercier playing a $100k with JCarver livecasting, hole cards up."
"The US is more amazing than Europe. Not only are there no border crossings, but the currency and language is the same in all those countries, unlike in the Schengen area! So amazing!"
"I mean... Didn't he say it was specifically rigged against him? He's onto something, but it goes beyond him and HRC"
I thought Lyin Ted was a lizard person. Turns out he's just the Zodiac Killer and Hillary is the lizard person.
"I have them down for the same record as last year, which won't be a 7-8 seed, but will be a disappointment for many."
Thanks!
"It was quite clear to be honest. All the theories people had etc had her doing some hacking on players. I was even discussing it in the discord and said about a hack that disables other abilities. We knew she was a hacker from the ARG, so why wouldn't she use her hacking within the game?"
The field mouse would have eventually churned the pool into butter and simply climbed out.
Phase 1 on 12/15. That's all.
Or recording so there's a record of what happened whenever the cops get involved. Recording a situation like this isn't an awful idea.
Your get damage resistance when you have the spark.
"It's also rude to wear a wedding dress in otehr cultures. In a south asian wedding, you can wear a red dress, but if you bling it out like a bride, then that is horrible. But some women still do this, I don't understand, whyy!!"
Zoom suffered a fate far worse than death.
"Yeah, I definitely agree that market share is by far the biggest factor. It's unfortunate, but I'll probably never be able to get rid of the Windows dual boot in my machines since I'm a heavy gamer. I didn't downvote you in any case."
how do you aim and Control your recoil? its weird i prefer to make small adjustments to my mouse rather then dragging it across the whole mouse pad so i play at a relitively high sensitivity and do quite well if i say so myself. the biggest problem i have however if the ememy doesnt die within first couple of seconds of firing i often lose them in the iron sights yet watching some other peoples videos they seem to keep the recoil perfectly in check. maybe i need to change my ways for a smoother approach to controlling recoil? give me your take
Keep your eyes on the Perez
"I know some countries laws make a distinction legally, but this is in my opinion wrong. You do not have free speech if you cannot say whatever you want, there is no grey area here either you can say anything or you are not free."
I feel like this line is the sort of thing I hate most about advertising. It's not even a cleaver disguise.
To be fair that is what makes the joke funny. It's black humour.
"Have you had that coffee? It's rather hit or miss. Not that keurig coffee is great, but least it's getting ""brewed"" fresh."
I'm going to need these two big boys to oil each other up so I can make a proper assessment on how tight they are
"That argument is shit because that's not a military rifle. It's a .223 round. Military use .556 NATO std and higher. And your statement on ""blanket fire"" is b.s. Because it's not an automatic weapon. As far as rifles go this one is perfect for home defense. Short barrel, small round. Will not cause a lot of collated damage."
Yes.
Ah I wish I would have thought of this. Would have rather had a low key for 3chest runs then starting with an Eye of Azshara +5.
Karazhan lock out bugged
Puma - Harasser Montage
"Janet Reno, First Woman to Be U.S. Attorney General, Dead at 78"
Being able to watch acestream links on Xbox One would be more useful to me than Windows 10 Mobile.
Germans as Germans.... Germans have never been able to design anything. The only answer is a Square... and when they try its as awkward as Trump and Clinton before the 2nd debate...
Well it's not sv_voiceenable
"Typical ctr shill daily to do list: 1. Wake up 2. Commit crimes against my fellow Americans. 3. Incite hate, and bullying. 4. Collect $20."
Found this guy at AWA 2016. Papa Bless!
I guess that's better than Rolando Mota Del Campo or Armando Casas Rojas.
MY ALLEN CAPPED SPEED AND STRENGTH WAY BEFORE I DROPPED LANCE BUT YOU KNOW WHATEVER ITS COOL WE CAN HAVE DIFFERENT OPINIONS
It's a little soupy out there this morning
Of course. How dumb or how young you think I am?
reviews coming out of her wherever
'Member Gains
Where is my hairbrush?
Since before he learns to read.
Meow
"Majority of Americans would buy the bridge in Brooklyn, particularly from a salesman named Trump."
"Crisco is made of animal fat. It's not vegan either. lol Vegan butter would probably be made from almond oil, or vegetable oil."
What flag is that?
So in your opinion there's absolutely nothing we should do in order to defend ourselves *before* attacks happen? Just sit around and let ourselves be slaughtered?
"Someone has stolen my identity, hacked a forum, and leaked my ebook. Help! Hi I am based in the UK. I am not sure about the perpetrator(s) of the crimes. I am an non-fiction author. I write e-books and sell them on my website. It appears someone has done the following: i) either stolen or illegally released copy of my book. They have hosted the book on the darknet and the onion link appears higher than my actual website meaning people have no reason to purchase it. This has resulted in serious loss of earnings for me. I have not sold a book in a month which seems to coincide when the book was released ii) It seems they have also joined a UK based online forum pretending to me and have flooded the forum with lewd images and harassed forum members whilst impersonating me. I believe the forum administrators are also debating legal action against me? They have closed all forms of communication with me as they believe I am responsible for the attacks Should I contact the police? I estimate my loss of earnings based on previous sales total 2000GBP Please advise what I should do and how much it is likely to cost me to rectify all of the above! I am really upset by this"
"Yes, that is exactly what I just said before though? Can we not talk about the value of things without it meaning I'm gonna get mad about it?"
It's strange they say the limit is 10 mph. It seemed to be around 20 when my girlfriend and I were at Victory yesterday.
"There just is no way to have humans on Mars by 2030 with the technology currently available. Maybe, MAYBE, if nasa had never had its budget reduced after the 60's, but even then, I very highly doubt it. And that would be a massive budget. And before anyone starts to make connections between the 60's and now, please note that the race to the moon didn't start with kennedy's speech. Additionally, an 8-day mission is completely different than a 2.5 to 3-year mission. Maybe if the em drive pans out, but even then there are significant unsolved challenges. For example, the lunar Gravity is about 1/9 that of earth. Martian is about 1/3. The amount of fuel needed to blast off from Mars is significant. We just have a lot of challenges yet to solve, and no politician can make a plan with a timeline that involves developing new technology. Kennedy threw down a challenge- he didn't claim to have a plan."
"Dear Reckful, A Compilation Of ST Peach Dance Moves. Enjoy!"
Chinese Space Program
Where u at p1mple? Considered the best player in the world but instead of pulling out such plays like niko he get one lucky falling shot and a follow up lucky noscope. And people still praise him for that. Ridiculous.
Right. It was sarcasm.
That was a nonsensical reply.
"Why would you expect UK to have a bigger or smaller drop than the rest if the major markets? If UK is a representative market, then the statistic is meaningful."
The Weeknd's Starboy full album is now on Spotify
Prolly and Travis interviews are the best
was that your safe word? cause thats not my safe word.
This story is completely fabricated. FYI: The Denver Guardian is literally a fake news web site.
Wall St. soars as FBI clears Clinton ahead of election
"Coleman, Ogbah, Nassib, and Kessler have all looked like solid picks. How can anyone see the Collins trade as bad? In the absolute worst case scenario it's a wash. Isn't Wentz starting to look pretty bad sometimes? Hiring the top HC candidate. When's the last time that has happened here? Just my off the head things that I believe the regime has done right."
"for the past 2 games, our defense played an extra game's worth of time Our defense has been on the field for 82 minutes in the past 2 games while our offense has only been on the field for 52 minutes. That's an extra 30 minutes, which is roughly a game's worth of time. Our offense needs to do something better than 3 and outs all night. We need to take control of the clock and keep the Bills on the field. If we can do this, then we'll get a win. Pure and simple."
Political correctness might be finally losing to common sense? Either that or hell has froze over and the Browns are going to the Super Bowl.
"To all those complaining about the S7 Edge.... I see a lot of people whining about having to ""downgrade"" to a S7 Edge phone. Let me remind you it has the same EVERYTHING except for no S-PEN, .2 inch screen and 32gb storage that I never came close to filling. The comments I am reading about people calling the S7 edge ""hot garbage"", ""Tonka Toy"", etc is downright stupid. Grow up people."
thank
Anlasamadigina vatan haini demeyen vatan hainidir.
Makes jokes about vegans? Clearly must die.
"Why wouldn't it be legal? You could do a back-heel and no one would care (except your teammates and coach), as long as your run-up is 1 continuous motion."
"Tomorrow, every person on earth wakes up one foot tall. How have our day to day lives been affected?"
Idea
Postgame Thread: Colts 23 - Texans 26 Just wow.
"Private property are the means of production. For example factories, or anything else that is used to make profit. Personal property is basically anything else (eg the things in your flat)."
"Which player on your team deserves a Super Bowl ring the most? For the Dolphins it has to be Cameron Wake. Ever since being undrafted out of Penn State, and bouncing around practice squads before going to play in Canada and honing his craft, he's been a top 4-3 Defensive End in the league. He works harder than anyone I've ever heard of and I hope we go get him a ring this year."
"1) You are supposed to have oxygen over 12,000 I believe. I don't remember if full or part time at 15,000. You won't pass out either, it's not too thin to breathe, just wouldn't be good for too long, or if you're not healthy. 2) You do not need to talk to ATC unless you are in controlled airspace. Most airspace is class G, which is uncontrolled. Most controlled airspace is around Towered airports. So generally, if you're 15 miles from major airports, you're safe. However, you cannot fly above 18,000 feet without filing an IFR flight plan. Needless to say, a paramotor is not IFR capable :)"
"How to download PTS fast?? anyone can help me get the download fast 35GBs, any guide here!"
Thats CA for you.
Somebody needs to go back in time and stop BMTH releasing Suicide Season. Chugga-burpa
"Okay, most of this isn't all that surprising to me. Growing up in the south, I heard most of that stupid shit all the time. But what the fuck do Trump, the 2nd Amendment, and Hillary have to do with the bible?"
"He had 3 personal fouls, punched 2 49ers players, grabbed a neck, and made contact with an official. I've never seen him behave that way it was totally bizarre. But yeah it was way more than one ""dumb decision"""
"I love her style of comedy, it's like the equivalent of dance like nobody is watching."
xpost r/wtf: guy survives refueling station explosion
It's hilarious watching them denounce this bullshit logic now that the right is using it. It's like they KNEW it was nonsense all along when THEY were using it.
We need a Titan Vs Monsters Gamemode as Future DLC. Seriously how is there no good games where you can team up with friends to fight Giant monsters in Mechs yet. It would be really awesome to see the wildlife chew up Grunts and the Grunts exclaiming 'HOLY SHIT'. Please make it happen.
Chillist president ever.
"Based on my year, for this average to exist, some guy out there seriously *fucks*."
lakers are the funnest team to root for and watch in basketball right now.
Trump pays IRS penalty following controversial donation
"""FATHER, I did it."" Mike (as Springtrap) is talking to his father who is William. ""They thought I was you."" He's talking to his father who is William."
Are you seriously generalizing all cats' political ideologies right now?
He didn't say the man was arrested - just ticketed which *can* happen. You can get a ticket for not clearing the snow off your car under the Highway Traffic Act. Failing to do so could obstruct your view or another driver's view.
We should totally start a war with these guys over some Syrians.
To all the people freaking out about the US election results. You're Being Ridiculous
Rare UFO sighting around ITALY
"The 1500 Germans from Operation Paperclip were granted a special ""safe haven"" status and then some on to US Citizenship by the US Gov of the day. If we need you, there are ways...."
"If the committee is going to put an Ohio State team that didn't win its conference or play in its conference championship game into the playoff two years after putting Ohio State over a TCU team with a much better resume because TCU didn't play in a conference championship game, then the committee should just drop all pretense and institute a two blue blood minimum."
"Here is the list: * Newt Gingrich as secretary of state * Rudy Giuliani as attorney general * Reince Priebus as chief of staff * Retired Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn as secretary of defense or national security adviser * Steve Mnuchin, Trump's finance chair, as secretary of the Treasury * Lew Eisenberg, RNC finance chair, as secretary of commerce"
Does anybody remember the thing you could put in your Youtube link to watch it internationally?
TIL you can get 2.4 M subs and 1.1 M views by making complete shit
Guess who I'm being for Halloween.....
TFW it has been 17 days since Trump got elected but the libtards at your college are still whining about it
The article is about gaming culture and the idea of being social despite not being near anyone physically.
"When you finally get a Legendary skin. But not the one you want, scrap it, buy a superior pack and then get the same skin again"
"Got 2 GA tickets for Sam's Town Saturday, Cheap! PM me for details, figured I'd hook up the Reddit victims before turning to eBay!"
fuck wild pigs. there's a reason there's no season and no limit on those fuckers where I'm from. they're mean and destructive and very intelligent
"Me with girl I wanted to date but she ended up sleeping with my best friend now upset with me because I don't want to date her Wall of text incoming. You can skip to tl;dr but even that ended up being a little long. This is going to sound like a lot of high school bullshit and really it is. Back story is this. A group of friends and mine eat at a local pub once a week during football season and have done so for about 3 years. A new waitress started working there in July (before the season started but we eat there sometimes outside of game day). She was a knockout, beautiful brunette with really blue eyes. She starts waiting our table and she is very friendly. No big deal, its a waitresses job to be friendly so I never think anything about it. We come back in pre-season and she is still there and once again get our table. This time since we are there for a few hours to watch the game she spends a lot of time with us and she talks with me a lot. Now honestly I'm not the greatest at picking up on social cues, I always just assume that the wait staff is just trying to get an extra tip. But my friends in the past have told me I have blown opportunities when they say a girl was hitting on me so I kind of take a leap of faith here and I ask her if I can text her sometime. We exchange numbers and we start doing some very casual texting. Thursday of that week I have a client in town that I have to entertain for the night and well I thought I'd try my luck and see if she was there. Bingo, she's working and take our table all is good. Again she goes out of her way to stick around and talk with us, we came in late so they were closing and she came over and sat with us for awhile. Again I think things are going great. I text her the next day and tell her how happy I was to see her and she returns the feelings on this. Well Sunday comes we are there and once again she is there. Things go the exact same way so by this time I have really started to think that we are both leading towards something and I just decide that after the game I will ask her if she will go out with me sometime. Of course I do this away from everyone so as to not look creepy or anything. She turns me down flat. She say's that I have misread her and she enjoys talking and texting with me but she is not interested in seeing me in that way. Ouch. I'm a big boy, I apologize for misreading the situation and tell her that I won't trouble her again. Hey you swing you miss, it happens. I was not upset other than what you typically will feel when you get flat out rejected like that, but that's just life. A couple of weeks go by and she was not at work for the first game, which if I'm being honest i was a little relieved about. But she was there for the second one. This is when one of my friends ""Derrick"" leans over and tells me ""hey man you see that waitress there, I've been tapping that now for about 2 weeks"". Okay this all makes some sense now, she was just being friendly around me to get with Derrick, it sucks but hey its life. Now I happen to know that Derrick is a real douche canoe when it comes to women, he is a player and he sticks with them a month or two and then moves on. I like him as a guy but bluntly speaking I'm just not that way so it kind of bugs me when he does that because in the past myself and a few of the other guys have been caught in his damatic shitstorm when he runs into a woman who does not take kindly to this. Anyway I just totally put the whole thing out of my mind until about 2 weeks ago. Derrick as I knew he would dumped her. It really kind of upset some of the guys because he did this with a person where we go to frequently so this is going to be awkward for everyone. Sure as shit she is there when we come in but she did not take our table. It was very obvious that she traded off. However at half time of the game she catches me coming out of the bathroom and she starts chatting me up. I reply to her as I would any other time and then I return to the game. Then on Monday I get a text from her telling me how great it was to talk to me yesterday. I just replied back ""good talking to you as well"". That was it or so I thought. Then all of a sudden she starts texting me every day several times a day. Sometimes I don't even reply to her. Then the next Sunday she is once again working our table but she is totally focusing on me this time and pretty much just gives polite conversation to anyone else. Then when we were all leaving she runs up to me as says ""aren't you even going to say goodbye"", which confused the shit out of me. So I told her goodbye and she say's to me ""hey I've been thinking about you a lot lately and I really would like to go out with you sometime"". At this point I kind of had a feeling that this is where this was headed so I just simply told her ""yea, sorry but once someone tells me that they aren't interested in me then I try and move for my own sanity and that the ship had kind of sailed for that"". She gave me kind of a disgusted grunt and turned and left. It's over right? Wrong. The next day I get a wall of text that was fluctuated between anger and apologizing. Basically she said she spoke with Derrick after I rejected her and she found out that I knew about them. She then went into this long rant about how it was wrong for me to ""slut shame her"" for being with someone else when we were not even a couple. How that it was unfair that I really liked her but now that I found out she was with one of my friends that she was ""dirty"". I'll spare you the rest because it was a train wreck with her ending up apologizing for everything she said at the end. I sent back a very short response to her telling her that her dating Derrick had nothing to do with any of it. That her telling me that she did not think of me that way was the reason for all of it and now I didn't think of her that way. She then sent several texts trying to explain herself and ultimately I just ignored all of them because honestly she sounded like a dumpster fire. I eventually just texted her back and said at the end of the day she is an employee of a place I frequent and that is the relationship that we have. This did not go over well so I blocked her phone. Now WTF do I do about this sunday? As far as I'm concerned I've been going there a lot longer than she worked there, we were never a couple so I do not feel like I need to avoid the place. So if she has any form of attitude or badgers me do I tell her manager or should I try and get everyone to move to a different location? It would be one thing if I did what Derrick did but in the end for some reason I'm the bad guy and I've never even been out with this woman but I'm some sexist pig because she slept with one of my friends and now she thinks that is the reason I don't want to date her. tl;dr: Met waitress who was hot and thought we made a connection but I was wrong, she shot me down. No big deal I move on, one of my friends starts sleeping with her and as is par for his course dumps her after about a month. She then tries to hit me up again and this time I reject her, she flips her shit because she say's I'm sexist for rejecting her because she had sex with one of my friends. This was not the reason but now I'm afraid to go to my local pub."
This is correct. : ) She has a Robocop tattoo that she can't show.
"Halal in the streets, haraam in the sheets"
quite the revelation
At last we will reveal ourselves to the humans. At last we will have revenge.
So you only get cancer of the gums and tongue?
Die malse makkers van Lekker Spelen natuurlijk
"gelukkig zijn die scandinaviers allemaal zo anti-confrontatie, ze zullen zichzelf nooit durven verdedigen helemaal niet tegen onze lange en sterke landgenoten!"
Grandparents favorite memorial Dark roast blend. Full body robust flavor
"It's Merry* Christmas But I had a good laugh anyway, so up it goes..."
"Except not. While 'any idiot' can learn the basics, and even order custom printed genetic material, actually getting it into a living organism (and one capable of spreading the trait in reproduction) is absolutely NOT something you'll be doing in your dining room."
How much % physical mitigation does he have?
I'm Batman
So far all Trump has said is that he wants to keep the benefits of the plan like children up to 26 staying on the plan and covering pre existing conditions. There's going to be a lot of fighting over the details come January but everything in this article is speculation at this point. If he repeals the ACA and keeps these two things as he's suggested it'll blow up the cost of health insurance for everyone.
Wikileaks has never released a fake document.
What is one scene from any movie that will make you get teary eyed regardless of when/where you see it?
What is the creepiest thing that society accepts as a cultural norm?
1 gas grenade would be pretty much useless and inferior to other grenades imo... most people would stop using them completely. I certainly would. 2 are great for clearing houses. One grenade downstairs and the 2nd one through the window upstairs.
"Gotta balance those prayers for Trump guys Let's all hail Satan in the name of Hillary, since she and Podesta are demon worshipping Satanists Gotta balance the love Jeebus gets for Drump. If Satan wasn't real, how would Hillary get this far in the election?? HUH??? Checkmate Asatanist"
Why is this in r/Libertarian?
The real peasantry here is how naive the OP is
lmao yah are these people real?
What is your favourite classic early 2000s video game?
"When you realize Alchemy is the best way to get money (no mods, Xbox one)"
This is like business owners who don't think workers deserve a living wage because they didn't work hard and start a business. If 90% of workers took thier advice and started a business no one would be left to work for anyone. So their sytem requires that most people be a worker but they don't deserve a living because they don't start a business...
"Now being sold for $12,000. Also, the iLife 2 removes your aorta and instead has telekentic powers"
Araki did an album cover of Dirty Loop's japanese edition of their debut album. Searched the reddit and didnt see any posts about it!
"Thought I'd make the British Raj, am I doing it right?"
"So proud of myself, couldn't have done it without this sub though"
"Could the W1 chip be used for non-audio devices, such as the Magic Mouse? My Magic Mouse always seems to have a nightmare connecting to my laptop, and it randomly disconnects a few times a day as well. Could the W1 chip be used to connect the Magic Mouse and other wireless peripherals to future Apple computers?"
He still hasn't lost mid to anyone in any game that matters.
Dunkirk - Official Poster
Charles Johnson doesn't have any trade value.
"The Trump campaign sent a rather large and expensive-looking piece of direct mail to my husband, looking for a money donation and his vote. Trouble is, my husband is not a US citizen and thus can neither donate to nor vote for Trump. I have no idea where they got his address, since he's not on any voter rolls. He does not subscribe to any magazines at our home address, which is a PO box. I opened the mail to see if I could rip it into tiny pieces and mail back in a prepaid envelope, but you had to put a stamp on to return it. So I heaved it in the recycle bin in the post office lobby, and noticed quite a few people had also received the same big envelope and trashed it unopened. The mailing had like a dozen separate pieces of crap inside, all printed, so that had to cost money to prepare, print, collate, etc. Direct mail solicitations like that have a notoriously poor return ratio, so it's nice to see Trump is wasting money on ineffective, old-fashioned, expensive direct mail efforts. The graphics and design looked more like something from Publisher's Clearinghouse than a political campaign."
Why do my players play like shit? first 2 games i play everything is fine and smooth. Now they dont even make runs or pass the ball straight?
It's the total amount of electoral votes in the American presidential election
"1350-yds, 16-tds in one game."
"Another stop-and-stare article from the guardian. They are legitimizing the exploitation of the most vulnerable, by equating it with ""work"" this time. Good times for the global rich, pimps and social ""workers"""
It wasn't mine.
Guys?
"I don't know what other people have been reading but I just read an article on a dude that likes public wanking both in the car and in the middle of the day in busy parking lots. A man who should have stopped the first time the cops came to him but didn't. Who clearly didn't need to ""stay awake"" when he needs to concentrate on driving or it's the middle of the day in a BUSY PARKING LOT. He's clearly an exhibitionist who's started to amp up his game. He lost that game."
"The ""he found Germany in ruins"" myth is so prevalent, I wonder if they actually know that WW1 left Germany almost untouched. So untouched, in fact, that the military and upper echelons went ""WTF WHY DID WE SURRENDER"", which created the Dolchstosslegende and thus Hitler."
What is ALL?
And yet your post is still here?
"R/The_Donald for press secretary. Yes, all of us."
The real thug zed
"Huh, sounds like we need that back asap. I really liked the theme we had for FNAF's first anniversary last year. Where everything was a different shade of red. It was epic, but only lasted one day. :/"
Maybe you should make and effort to find people that share similar interests.
Hopkins
"It depends, having lane pressure is *amazing*, and whoever decides to play Ravana will most likely use that to their advantage by rotating to mid camps to get further ahead, invade buffs and potential ganks in mid. Some teams might try to win like that. Or, obviously, they can play Amaterasu, lose lane, and just win team fights if they hold out long enough. There's not really a factually ""better"" option, it just depends on how things go. As of right now, winning the laning phase and just having tons of map control is something ALG might do, while going for the mid-late game team fights is something LG might go for. Probably. I'm not an analyst, that's just my opinion."
"She was looking at her bum, with a finger of good rum"
Damn you making me wanna play Crysis again
TIL Rodham isn't her middle name. Her Middle name is Diane. Rodham is her maiden name.
"NHL B-T Power Rankings - November 7, 2016"
They remade rocky horror!? That's like remaking anchorman. The original is unimprovable
Have you ever seen Adventure Time?
Why don't homeless people just buy a house?
"Ben Jacobs: An attendee at the Trump rally is shouting at media that part of North Carolina is turning into ""Little India"" &amp; cites ""underground tunnel"""
You mean Miranda Lawson?
Why are there not a lot of fics taking place in the 1930s and 40s? Heck even the 50s and 60s I don't know if I just haven't been looking hard enough or what. So so much could be done with the time period. Grindalwalds reign how ww2 and the blitz effects the wizarding world how has this not been done yet? Tell about hagrids childhood. Expand tom riddles story show the beginning of the death eaters . Moody's auror career Dumbledore aprenticing under flamel. Go into the 50s and 60s. Voldamort learning obscure magic Dumbledores early years as headmaster the cold war the 60s and the hippie movement. The Korean and Vietnam wars but from the wizards side Their is so much of the wizards past era's we get hints of in the books but the only one expands by fans is the marauder school days Come on guys their is about 30 or so years of wizarding history with both potential new characters and of course one's we know of. Dumbledore Hagrid Tom riddle just waiting to be written. My person fic I want to see the wizards world durring ww2 What Story do you want to see written from the years 1930-1970?
The thing is I got to Global in 32 games after quitting completely for 2 years. Even if I am better than someone in this game it feels unrewarding because 90% of the actions that result in a kill or being killed are just random.
Why does this dude talk like Gollum? Is that his schtick? It's really distracting and somehow irritating.
Psychics are bitches.
Out there in this crazy world there is a man with 2 dicks.
Did you even read it? I summarized it perfectly.
"Anyone has nice suggestions for general ~~vandalism~~ glorious street memes, aside form the hammer and sickle?"
....buddy I can ask my GFs grandfather who was there. It changed one tyrant to another
Rico is not happy with Kinky's pad choice
"Who are hillary's voters? Hipsters obviously, but who else?"
Van Explodes After Ramming Australian Christian Lobby Office in Canberra
Portals!
And The Favorites To Win the 2017 NBA Title Are......
What's up with edgy millenials and communism/anarchism?
fuck you volvo (love these though &lt;3)
"Examples of strong evidence, please. And citing the NSA does not count."
"""Todd McLellan says Pakarinen out at least a month and Davidson at this point ""day-to-day."""""
gayness
You forgot the part about Jesus coming down and punching all the gays the stomach. I honestly hate what you're doing here but its got me laughing my ass off.
I wonder if he was fucking with me. I can't accept that someone is this stupid.
"Explains why she hasn't deleted the history? I mean, if your dad (assuming he's good with computers) watched gay porn, wouldn't he have deleted his history? Maybe your mom has done it instead?"
"Fuck you council. This one project would have completely changed traffic patterns on the east and southeast side of the city. Next time you're sitting in traffic on Lag, or when a train slowly creeps down Archibald, remember they don't give a shit about anyone east of Archibald."
I made an ashtray to resemble Corbyn's head and I'm so incredibly proud of it
Blood shield is nothing to.....
A family breaks up because of a chocolate bar...
"Meat lovers of reddit, why are you so stupid?"
What part of Reddit history were you there for?
What is a free pc game that everyone should get?
That's awesome! I'm getting a 2017 XT here in a month or so and can't wait to take it up through the blue ridge mountains for some hiking.
"Not interested in wasting time getting sea-lioned, thanks."
"Nearly run over by minivan mombie. NSFW language The other day I was at my friends house we were bullshiting and decided to go out for food, we walked across the street to his truck before I realized my wallet was in my car I walked *back* across the street got my wallet and was on my way back when a black minivan with one of those fucking **BABY ON BOARD** stickers flies past well a-fuckin-bove the speed limit. it was an experience almost like the bullet thing in the matrix when it flew past less than 2 fucking feet away. I looked as it sped away and I A: Saw that fucking yellow sign of entitlement. and B: Flipped the belligerent cunt off. Didnt catch her plate (good for her) but I have learned the valuable lesson: Parents are shit drivers."
Mighty Mouse
"Morgan, Kryssie and Justin. Book it."
Are you one of the 50 people who watched that?
Well done.
"The FAL was NOT just relegated to skirmishes. Faulklands , South African Angolan war, Rhodesian insurgency. They were in plenty of wars just wara no one in the US cared about."
Unbiased zygotes
"You need to get over yourself, pal. Video games aren't worth stupid shit like this."
You can't unsee it.
"Roger Stone claims that WikiLeaks is prepping something for this Wednesday. Bear in mind that WL officially blew their credibility three weeks ago, if not earlier."
Why am I getting a half dozen alerts from reputable media sources presenting this like a gamechanger?
r/yeezy_2020 ????
It is in some folks heads (war).
What's Justin pissed about? I just got on. :o
Now it's between Jason and kryssie I'm going kryssie
House or apartment Any of you Melbourne redditors got any suggestions on whether buying a new house or apartment is the better investment? I found a house that's a bit far up (near Moreland) and an apartment that's right between Collingwood and Fitzroy Thanks in advance!!
HTML/CSS... no just kidding. assembly
Hows that? From what I'm seeing the OSRS community is thriving and people are leaving RS3 in droves.
"Why do the companies I love die such painful deaths? First Palm, now Pebble."
I've been saving this picture for you guys...
TTR has said before they don't really care about their population numbers dwindling.
I guess Richard Sherman can do whatever he wants....
"Because Omaha is a bustling metropolis that is west enough to get some west coast chain restaurants, while east enough to get east coast chain restaurants. I've thought of this several times. But let's be real here, Chik-Fil-A is good, but Raising Cane's is preferable when there is an option between the two."
when is the last time you tried to eat a fruit and what was it
"Bummer dude. This place isn't... you know... *enlightening*, but if you like cats or porn or talking to strangers then it is ok."
He bulked up to battle Wesker and BOWs over the course of (years) could have been natural or just supplements
DOOM - How To Kill Every Boss Fast
Lever guns are fucking cancer.
The people I work with are some of the funniest I've ever met. One guy cannot remember names so he associates things for your name. Well I wear a broncos jersey every Friday so I'm now Broncos Guy. My friend is Evel Knievel. Receptionist is pom pom girl. Anyway long story short love my job and I'll be showing this video to many of them
All Google services are blocked by the great firewall of China unfortunately. My VPN is okay but obviously using the S-Pen directly is faster for me.
New Zellner tweet: Experts experiments confirm SA's trial attorneys correct about blood being planted but incorrect about how it was done. #MakingAMurderer Here we go boyz!!! Be tied on!!!
I am a Golden State fan. Everyone(on r/nba) tells me to kill myself everyday. Same boat?
It's LPT all the way down.
unbind alt in your csgo config
The ridiculously long early voting queues are the product of Republican legislatures closing polling stations in minority areas to prevent them from voting.
"A considerable amount of MRAs, Red Pillers, and redditors in general seem to think rape is okay. But does that mean all white men are rapists? Of course not."
"""He's not normally my type,"" = I'm going to fuck him. ""I want someone smart, and ffff-uNNN-eeeee."" ""creepy"" ""let's just drop it/let's agree to disagree"" - whenever they don't win the argument within about 30 seconds. Any man who shows a spine vs. a woman in an argument is going to see her opt out in the blink of an eye. It's incredible. I have experienced this so many times with women of all ages about all kinds of different things."
Gallery of Sebastian Vettel's helmets (from the latest issue of F1 Racing magazine)
Pretty sure all the streetlights round my way just have a sensor on top so they know when it gets dark.
I got bored and decided Gengar didn't need spikes.
"afaik you need the so called *Inner Line Permit* to stay and enter Mizoram if you are a non-Mizo. It is like a visa, and someone has to sponsor your visit. Not needed for OGIS people. It is ofcourse safe (I don't know what you meant). And the traffic there is the best I haveseen in India. No honking, no lane cutting, streamlined traffic."
so reddit?
Skilled immigrants that you don't need to train or assimilate into the workplace. Doesn't get any better than that.
NATO puts troops on 'high alert' in readiness for a confrontation with Russia
it appears on screen in bold letters right above your cap.
Other way around. A Zarya can act fast enough to stop Sombra's hacking mid way and then leave her defenseless(Except for her tele device placed somewhere).
"And the Glorious Revolution shall be undone, and France and Britain shall be reunited once more under King Farage and Queen Le Pen. Parliament will kneel before their majesty, and those traitors to the crown in America will finally be crushed."
Finally got harassed for being CF by some jerk on OKC.
"Just read that the US is seeking a deal to fine Barclays et al billions of dollars before the November US election... I just opened a Barclay's savings account. Should I worry? Story is out today that the US is seeking a deal to fine Barclays, Credit Suisse and Deutsche Bank billions of dollars before the November election. I don't own stocks in any of the three, but I did just open a Barclays savings account last week, and was planning on moving more money into it soon. Should I be concerned?"
New York bombing: Suspect identified as 28-year-old Ahmad Khan Rahami
Google turns 18 today!!!
"Friend of mine was allways the ""porn =exploting women""type ... Left his email logged in and it was hard not to notice all the camgirl recipts on the page while i closed it"
"I love the game too and I want the best for it, but I can't stand how cancerous the complaints are. You can give feedback and criticism in a civilized way you know, all I'm seeing is people throwing tantrums like their moms didnt buy them the toy they wanted at Wal-mart, not ""caring and wanting the best"". Your analogy makes it seem as if the devs are making these bugs intentionally."
What is the best song that features a cow bell?
I've never actually been stoned so IDK of my sweet tooth would kick in for that =/
I would like to see a new design for it. Idk.
TGIF
"Labour uses energy to do work. It's not a third factor, but the defining factor that makes capitalism possible."
Where can I get some of this Ebola?
If this guy can't find the fuckin' spacebar you really think he stands a chance of finding prt scr?
"I have trouble leading conversations I have trouble making friends with strangers and that makes me really bad at meeting women. Now, I have plenty of friends but almost all of them I met through a mutual friend. I'm perfectly fine talking to people once we're already in a social situation but I can't for the life of me get into a conversation like that without another friend to introduce us. I think it's because I prefer to listen and respond than to lead a conversation, which serves me quite well most of the time, but it totally destroys my chances of meeting girls I would want to date. Does anyone have some advice they think could help me out? Maybe a book I could read or some specific skill I could work on? I just don't know where to start attacking this issue."
I managed to put a table on a chair
Benefits Britain maybe?
Like picking Ken Bone and how the answer magically ended up being the perfect opportunity to discuss her clean energy campaign platform?
"haha, sorry, i was kidding. im a fan, but unrelated."
"Ah, so it seems like it really is just an announcement. Probably just a chance for Ryan to release an *official* statement. Likely a generic endorsement for his party's ticket, carefully avoiding mention of one name in particular..."
True. Let me change him for Subban then XD
This thread is a fractal
"I bumped into a girl, we both said sorry nine times and i recieved her number. Canada is a special place."
IFS says Brexit means austerity likely to continue into next decade
"What horror would make the vanduul scared? As Rubaberoc well said in another post and i quote ""seeing as the Vanduul are based off of the Vandals, that hints at something: The Vandals were pushed into Roman territory because they were fleeing the even bigger and nastier threat of the Huns. Thus, it seems likely that the Vanduul are probably being chased into human territory by something even worse "" Well i have an idea. First point is each alian race has that tech that makes them different from humans. The xi'an have the better engine tech. The benu is still unknow ,the tevarin with their boarding ships and the vanduul are unknow also. But here is an idea. What about if the vanduul had the best jump drives. Makes sense as they are nomadic and tribal. So imagine when using their jump drive tech as u jump and look out at the jump tunnel u can see what look like truly demonic sceens. Shapes and monsters almost ripping into the jump tunnel with u. But never do. But in lore it could say that the vanduul pushed their jump drive tech too hard and ripped the jump tunnel open. Be it for a moment. And in come through truly horrific trans dimensional beings. Think of the movie Event horizon. And its this horror that the Vanduul are running from. It could be the new bad guy in 10 years when star citizen needs a reboot. What do u guys think?"
"OK, So When's The Best Time To Vote In D.C., Maryland And Virginia?"
The French Album
"I don't know why you're getting downvoted. You're right, people have been freaking out about Ingram and hyping up Hightower for the last week straight. It actually kind of bothers me that you're so far downvoted, this sub can be so temperamental it's ridiculous"
Is abandon the right word here?
"Did he? I remember being asked about it during the debates and he sort of defaulted to letting each state decide on it. Most Republicans are very ""NO ABORTION"", so maybe in comparison it looked halfway reasonable."
Are you... Insane...?
"GTA:Greater Toronto Area. I'd play a Canadian version of that game. All of the NPC's would say things like 'ooh, so you need to borrow my car, eh? Sure thing pal! Sorry 'bout all da hockey equipment in the back!"" when you jack their ride."
It's so you can cook and watch tv at the same time.
We have the Third Saturday in October which normally does not occur on that day. We also have the Iron Bowl which does not occur in a city known for iron or steel production.
Doubt Madrid will do that. They're not that reactionary and they have enough midfielders to cope for that period.
"I am happy they are exploring the more human side of Steven's life, it is refreshing. Instead of gem lore, we get some De Mayo lore!"
:)
Right?
I found the guy that destroyed the South Galaxy. He has a really big power level
Which TV shows should have been cancelled by now?
That's amazing and all but these people writing letters to dogs... Who are they? Why do they do it? So strange to me
friendzoning generally happens due to personality
Expect more Gerson or more DDR-Ninja-Strootman midfield.
I've Been Training My Abs Hard ...
They all lose to Portugal.
"If your thinking about it go ahead and invest in some variety. Personally, I don't care who wrote what I read. When I decided I wanted to read more I looked for best of lists, reviews and recommendations. I've enjoyed all of the books I've read regardless of gender or ethnicity. Fact is I thought Robin Hobb was a man until I saw her on a YouTube video. I also thought China Mieville was a woman... I didn't know N.K. Jemisin was black or female until the Hugo awards. I had never given any of this any thought until the last few days."
Absolutely not true. Every eligible ballot is counted.
We had a good run...
"Wikipedia claims the Thompson SMG was invented by John Thompson in 1918. You know what to do, Dice."
Carl Paladino Says Racist Email About Obamas Was Only Meant For His Friends
For those of you that like wagyu. This is what 1.5 tonnes looks like (1632x1224)
Bruised ego + nothing left to lose = the most epic meltdown ever!
Nope but Tim Cook has..
I got one of my kids two sets of personalized guitar picks this year and the total was under $20. He'll use the fuck out of those!
"This might be unpopular, but its pretty clear that those people at the lever were just killing people for the sake of griefing HCIM. I think people who do that for fun are scum."
Janice Griffith in 4K and slow motion
DONT FORGET TO VOTE TODAY
Shit ideas.
or... farmers
Keine Abtreibungen mehr im Landkreis Schaumburg
"He's gotta be bouncing checks by now, right?"
Is the Titan XP the new pascal version?
"... and what I mean is, the EC technically has the power to throw the presidency to somebody who isn't Trump. Just as the popular vote is ultimately irrelevant, so are the vote totals in every state. So if the EC ignored their state votes and gave us President Biden or something, would Trump supporters sit on their hands and say ""Well, that's the way the system works.""?"
Hillary Clinton calls fake news a 'Danger'
Slightly unusual luggage
Merry Christmas you filthy animals!
Voters blame it on Obama. They'll blame it on Clinton too.
What's a weird smell that you just can't help but to love?
Society can eat a dick.
I made a Christmas thing!
Russians did it
Ask a civics teacher.
"I like to use it to stab an air hole in the bottom of cans of some things (tomato paste, jellied cranberry sauce, that kind of thing). This lets the contents kinda slide out more easily."
He hasn't learned all the teams in the NBA yet.
"Sometimes when a car stops to let me cross the road and there is nobody behind him. It would have been quicker for you to just fucking go past than for me to wait for you to stop, wonder what you're doing and for you to wave me over."
"Ugh, I love Obama. Such a funny and intelligent guy. :]"
"Maybe we're the aliens, and we attacked and won long ago."
"Hi there sorry for a late replay,but some apologists said returning women wasn't part of the treaty,i was surprised that was there like 2 old scholars agree with that."
"if the grand duelist loses a 1v1 duel, that's kind of sad isn;t it lol"
and relaxed. time to go for good scores!
Too many cooks.
"This only makes it criminal to try to incite violence, threaten others, or destroy federal property by burning the flag. The Supreme Court has said that burning the flag is free speech and it should remain that way. The flag is a symbol and symbol's are a major part of how we express ourselves. Trump needs to learn that it's okay to disagree without one side being illegal."
Oregon has lots and lots of Subarus.
"Hey Cortana, do you know Halo?"
And they say we aren't doing enough on the subject of alternate energy.
It'd be boring to a lot of people but how many games really come down to whether you have a good K/P or not? Didn't the Patriots first three Super Bowl wins happen because of Vinatieri with a go ahead FG? My Vikings also lost in the playoffs last year because of a missed FG. Not to mention a missed PAT against the Lions caused us to completely change our game plan and go for it on fourth in the redzone. Eventually the missed FG/PAT points cost us the game.
NTD
What deals DoT in PvE?
HAHHAHAHHAHAHA Meanwhile they belief that Kurds and Syrian refugees are part of a conspiracy to outbreed Turks XD r/Turkey is full of Kemalists and I'd not expect other bullshit coming from them.
I've finally gotten good at getting rid of potions I won't use. Saves a lot of inventory space.
"I own the 512GB version ($169!) of this drive. If anyone wants me to run any specific tests, I am willing to do it. I also believe the 6gb to 16gb cache will make a nice difference in those legacy tests"
he shoulda signed with the pats when he had the chance ....
"Hackers Reference One of Sombra's voice lines is ""Mess with the Best, Die like the rest."" This was what Zero Cool a.k.a Crash Override (played by Johnny Lee Miller) says to Acid Burn (played by Angelina Jolie) while battling each other over a television station. I would love to see what other references they throw in. Hack the Planet!!!"
Do you love this shit? Are you high right now? Do you ever get nervous?
What to do if you have Tucker and Gost is on the wire..
"Cutler is 6'3"""
"You mean that guy who shouted, ""shoot the fucking puck!"" isn't a celebrated hero? I tend to be a quiet observer."
"Hey guys, been a while since I've been here since I just got to play the map. Im up to speed now, but what is this green powerup floating above der eisendrachs corruption generator?"
Who said I was talking about one or the other?
Most likely we won't be abolishing the electoral college altogether. What I think is politically feasible is to have proportional electoral college votes for each state rather than winner take all. I think this would be a happy medium as each state would reflect the actual vote popular vote results in each state but still require the candidates to campaign and consider all 50 states as each would have important electoral votes. Hillary would have won the electoral college vote this way hands down.
"That is the definition of feudalism, you ignoramus"
PAINT FOR THE PAINT GOD CASH FOR THE CASH THRONE
When you spent your whole life trashing women and the election trashing immigrants....
Pharah
"MATT DRUDGE, on the Kanye meeting: ""I knew Donald would be like this, and more. Brilliant moment. Here's to the rebels!!"""
"I've heard comedian Dane Cook has voiced many of the radio ads and DJs in the GTA games since San Andreas. I think he does it uncredited, though."
Weren't Neanderthals actually smarter than us?
Review &amp; On-Feet Look: Ultra Boost Reigning Champ
"But in their racist view, Latinos aren't real Americans and don't deserve to vote."
Fire Emblem 6 Hard Mode Low-Tier Playthrough
He's now a state senator.
"Yes, if only America didn't subdue it's development after Spain had colonized it."
"Good flashes, I'm gonna try some of them out in game for sure."
Minority voters are 6 times as likely as white voters to wait more than an hour to vote
These two rouge clans are involved in one hell of a fued!
"Alberta plates literally everywhere?? Who else has noticed this? I'm on Douglas and I counted probably 7 in two hours looking out my window. I know the economy is really shitty right now, but surely they can't all be trying to move here? The rental market is so bad that I'd imagine it shuts out anyone who's down on their luck after losing a job in Alberta."
How to grip a pencil (NSFW)
I bet we win by 10.
What type of league are you in?
"We will soon live in ""the 20's"""
"I can't tell whether OP is just shitposting, but I'll jump in here to have a real conversation with y'all about this. The current design of the client would have to change pretty dramatically to make this change because there's nothing behind the friends list in the updated client. If you minimized it, we'd have to dynamically stretch everything to fill the space. Remember, we've redesigned just about every page in the updated client to work using the current layout. And it's designed to fit comfortably at the current aspect ratio with the friends list basically sitting to the side of it. To get super real with y'all, we've had a few people saying this whenever they get access to the alpha, but we think it's mostly just because it's a change from the legacy client, and we're expecting it to die down on its own. No one has really brought up an interesting reason for redesigning everything just so you could minimize it as before. It's only really been ""I could before."" But I'm all ears if there's a real case for it!"
I love this machine gun
There seems to be no shortage of people that will believe in this nonsense. If they keep this up long enough somebody's going to take a gun and do something rash...
"Switch-up Saturday: Let's all make some friends and branch out and do things together! So instead of a discussion this time, I propose we all make some friends since Legion has been out for a short time. Everybody always needs more friends to do things with!"
"Speaking of which, you can choose which creeps to go on by right-clicking right?"
Today they will flag the fun and excitement out of the race :( This was awesome back in the day!
"Durant talking to himself in the practice: ""They called me a coward. Putting in work."""
Trump supporter pretending to be a Clinton supporter attacking another trump supporter to gain more supporters.
Yeah and millions read the weekly world news but ive never seen bat boy.
Rumors are there is a pokemon moon rom on the web
Am I right to think the medoa outlets saying it will start on December 31st at sunset is the offical start date for the new bill?
"Are there any games you would not want to see on Switch? I keep seeing threads of people wanting specific games, and thought ""so just bring all games to Switch"". But I wonder if there would be something that gives you the opposite reaction? What would you want to stay away from Switch?"
I don't think so. I've seen Mean Girls enough to practically quote it by heart. But it's definitely from something similar.
"Typical. So he moves somewhere else and joins up with a different department, appropriate punishment for killing someone. That'll teach him."
"Ignore me at the register? Enjoy an entire shift of awkward sexual tension. This happened like ten mins ago. I'm still basking in the glory of it, actually. I decided to eat at this hot dog place near work for lunch, and when I approached the register I noticed two employees chatting at the end of the counter. They're both teenagers, one awkward dude and a pretty, attractive girl. I stand there waiting and the guy looks over, sees me, and then turns to continue talking to the girl. I am not really the kind of person to say ""excuse me!"" so I just stood there. I was waiting long enough to get my phone out and text my friend about the situation. So dude's really working it, trying to be funny. All the while she's occupying herself with some task and laughing politely. Dude is laughing hard at his own jokes and straight up ignoring me. Finally the girl sees me and nods in my direction, telling dude to go do his job. When he walks up, I am really pissed off. I'm not really in the business of confronting strangers, but this one bothered me more than usual. So I say loudly, ""hey, glad you could take a break from trying to bang your coworker to take my order."" At this, dude looks quickly to the girl and she visibly recoils and says, ""ugh, what?"" Dude tries to recover, saying he didn't notice me standing there, but the damage had been done. He looked defeated, girl looked extremely uncomfortable, and now I'm eating in the corner watching them actively ignore each other and pretend the other doesn't exist. Enjoy the rest of your shift, awkward teenage boy. Also, sorry about the collateral damage, teenage girl."
"Never heard that term before, what is shadow banned?"
Wanna see a trick?
"Yah, I guess it's all matter of subjectivity and personnal preferences. Thanks for your opinion !"
"CNN Reporter: ""Excited for the first female president?"" Lady: ""NO!"""
"An eternal flame monument at The Castle Organa on alderan, honoring all those, past, present, and future who brought honor to the Organa name."
A-wall is cancer
The police are far from always right.
"Ohio, the John Kasich state. Surprise?"
WTF??? Millennial focus group trusts Clinton more after her debate performance
"Instant Karma, she cut me off &amp; got pulled over in NYC"
And then she said that she was going to take an actual nude ASAP. And that was over 5 hours ago. She just keeps stringing us along.
"George W. Bush did not vote for Hillary Clinton, despite what Rush Limbuagh claimed"
He's not wrong.
America is in labour ...
"Remember the scandal about toyota cats randomly accelerating due to some defect? There was no defect, the public imagined it and Toyota lost billions in fines and sales"
Any changes I should make too this deck? Trying to push back too royal arena.
A Hero is Born
This has seriously happened. They don't joke around with this.
Pat on the backs all around!
Does anyone else get the vibe that the original plan for Revelations was to remaster all the old maps and then they decided it was too much work and they could just stich them together instead?
"how many headlines these next four years are going to start with ""trump unleashes tweet""? jfc what a shitshow"
Double Standards
"My opinions on minimum device performance So, for me the thresholds for the lowest specs you need nowadays go like this. If you want a fast experience, comparable to a modern flagship, is a Snapdragon 800 and stock Android. Nexus 5 fits this perfectly. For the minimum usable, I'd say Snapdragon S4 Pro, aka the Nexus 7 2013. This is noticeably slower with some lag, but not enough to really slow you down. Loading up more intense websites can be a pain. Feels like a budget device. So, what are your thoughts on this?"
"Stop denting my carpet Some years back I did deliveries and installing high end electronics for mostly rich stuck up people. The gig was for 6 months or so in between other more lucrative jobs but hey, newlywed at the time and had to make ends meet. Two of us were moving a 52 inch wide screen tv which was very heavy. After bringing it up 2 flights of stairs the customer/ wife yelled at us for putting it down so we could take a minute to reset ourselves. ""What in the hell are you doing? You put that on my carpet and now it's going to have dents forever that won't come out from you stepping on it and the tv"" Thinking to myself , what do you want us to do.....maybe we can float over there where you want it???"
So Pope Clement V was a worshipper of The Lord of Light?
"With Andrew Luck probably out for the week, who is the waiver wire option? I was thinking Tannehill since he's going up against the 49ers, but are there any better options out there?"
"*Breaking News: Finn Balor out for another three months after ingesting several pounds of lego fruit. When asked for comment, Balor blamed the internet.*"
i have it
"Funny thing is, once Johnson gets a enough traction for republicans and conservatives to realize he's a contender, trump will lose half his support very quickly."
A military dog will drop the puck tonight for Military Appreciation Night
CNN just reported that more republicans have voted by tens of thousands.
Forming perfect rows of dirt
"When those came out, wisely the DMV auctioned the desirable numbers. Things like 9, 12, 22, 25 and 44 went for high prices. The number 9 went for thousands of dollars if I recall."
Chuck's problem is that he goes to the other extreme. He doesn't understand analytics. Analytics used to complement watching the game makes them a useful tool if you understand them in context.
"Yeah, fake and gay"
Are you guys British? These are relatively normal jokey petnames for friends.
"Nah, its not enough to actually effect the thickness of the sauce by any real measure. The difference between 1% and whole is like less than a 1/4 tsp of flour difference. You were right about the creamier part however, it wont taste as rich."
"Since losing to Conor Mcgregor, Ivan Buchinger has won 10 in a row with 7 finishes against legit prospects"
Mr. Snowdeep popped up on my coworker's Instagram today. Posted by an Indian dude who he used to work with.
"I didnt upload the video, fam"
"he has over twice, you mean"
They should have put two Chinese girls in them.
"Same. Also learned a few other things from it, like that coring cost and time are related (and what modifiers decrease it). He really goes into a lot of detail in it. Almost too much for a beginner tutorial."
Except that TAMU just lost their star QB for the season
How do you feel about Plants now? It's been about 2 months since the introduction of Plants on PBE. I wonder how the community feel about it now?
"This great man experienced a lot of hate from liberals last night, LETS SHOW HIM SOME LOVE!"
"After a long hiatus, some good dip and game of thrones!"
What would you sacrifice democracy and human rights for?
"Have you played Kartia for the PSX? I don't think the game lets you grind at all, and as far as I've played it, it's actually kind of a challenge to know when you should use the summoned rock paper scissors monsters, and when to use your main characters so they get XP. Might be up your alley."
"There's a yes and no thing going on here. The yes part is that people absolutely do stutter, use filler words, and just generally speak poorly. The No part is that 9 times out of 10, its better to go into post and mute the parts you want to leave out, and even that should be a temporary measure, while you work on your diction and timing. I'm a streamer who's working on that problem right now, and while very intimidating, steady improvement is absolutely doable."
Is it just me or did this game feel like it flew by?
There's a female senator who stands up to him who now has to stay in a different hotel every night because she got so many threats at her home from duterte supporters.
"Got my 4th display mounted, next up is LED lighting behind monitors, TV, and below desk. Also need to get some wall decor... any recommendations on where to get some (cheaper) gamer-esque decor?"
I'm an atheist but don't believe in death. Anyone else like this? Feel free to ask me why.
Little too heavy on the chemicals.
Looking for 2 GA tickets for 360NYE
The last thing I Googled I am already in the hospital for. Now you got me worried OP
"I'm the opposite, I pay for the soda cup and fill it with water."
Is that a human holding onto the back of the car???
Real Thanksgiving is in October though. Thought we settled this with that whole White House incident way back...
Trump train!
eat a dick pussy
"Our ancestors did at some point. We don't have them because we don't need them anymore, so evolution did away with that."
My new dumb Battletag
Come on now let's not. Matthews is a beast.
Did he ever confirm this wasn't a joke?
That's why they invited mark Cuban to do what?
Saw this in a trump ad. Had a good laugh.
"I was thinking of screenshotting and posting it there, but it's such an obvious troll."
I don't get it. Am I missing something? Lol
*irritated sigh of despondency*
"Within a Space of a Couple Days, You Can Fire All Your Minority Employees and Hire All White Employees"
"That is disgusting. He must have threatened suicide? Medicaid wouldn't have paid for that in the majority of states. It's cosmetic. How old was this ""kid"", BTW?"
"Brace yourselves, next update is coming"
I haven't downvoted anything so summer down. Regardless of where I post I am still capable of holding a general discussion. It's sad you have to snoop through my history and that's the best reply you can give me. Where do you think we as a population go?
To be honest it wasn't that bad. I had 2 jackets on so I used one as a matras and I kept the other on.
IN THE AIR!
Looks like South Albion St. Amherst
"I went with Blizzak WS80. It's my first year using winter tires instead of running with my all weathers, so we'll see if they're any good."
To be fair the S Browser is better cause it's developed specifically for the Galaxy phones. It's easier to push the SoC to the max (especially the Exynos one) when you don't have to worry too much about compatibility with thousands of different hardware combinations.
"This goes both ways, I find. As frustrating as it is with conspiracy theorists (I mean I use that term even loosely because, as you mentioned, the extent of research these people do is a bunch of YouTube videos and Anonymous's Facebook feed nonsense) calling everyone who doesn't believe this trash ""sheeple"" and demanding that we ""wake up!"" and ""do research"" is equally as annoying as people who sit on the other side and attack them, saying that they're wearing ""tin foil hats"", that they are ""crazy"" and ""uninformed"". Honestly just let people form their own ideas even if they seem ridiculous. Their crazy ideas aren't hurting you. It seems that with social media everybody is quick to calling each other a *somethingist* and tell others how wrong they are. So what if they're wrong? and so what if someone doesn't believe what you do? It's exhausting, tiresome and pointless to try and convince a stranger on the internet to switch to your side, and it never happens. Basically I just hate both types of people with regards to this."
Steve Buscemi was a firefighter on 9/11
"FUCK YES ""I wanna say a little bit about the track Nutmeg, it comes out on our new EP and now I can say it's not gonna be an EP, it's gonna be a full album. Long play, with a lot of new tracks, it comes out in Omega, and uhh, it's a psytrance album. It began as an EP, we had four tracks set out it's a great idea and now we have eight tracks. And eight tracks, as you know, it's an album"" YES YES FUCK YES ULTIMATE YES"
"Isn't that ironic though, considering he's a Billionare"
Looks like a Dreadnaught came in called the USS California
The South Florida Starter Pack
how do you install all those mods?
What's the problem? Use a secondary to kill shields.
**HAM IS BETTER THAN TURKEY**
Can we stop getting this fucking comment every time something in French is posted in this sub? It's about as funny as people saying OMG A GRILL when a girl says something on the internet.
BREITBART: African-American Chef BLACKBALLED for Selling Food to Trump Supporters. Let's SUPPORT this MAN and get his business back to healthiness!
I believe the most common card is the GTX 970 at the moment. People only tend to show off their high end cards though.
"State of Alaska justice system for ya. I got violently raped exactly a year ago today by a cop that I was dating up there. They did a sting phone call, they had emails where he admitted what he did and questioned his intent. Trooper handling my case was sure he'd proven intent. I remember on the sting phone call when he got all excited and said based on what he said, we could prove intent... Charges were never brought by the special prosecutor. The state refuses to pay my medical bills or counseling. 40% of women in Alaska report being sexually assaulted at some point when surveyed, which is double the national average. It's the most beautiful place I've ever been. I've never been happier than when I was there. And I've never been more scared or had my soul squashed harder than when I was there. I'm finally over the PTSD for the most part and am able to make plans with my life without feeling like there's a shadow over them. But he still gets to work as a cop in Alaska if he wants. That hurts."
The film representation of the Sith is awfully one sided. Maybe we just need to hear their side of the story.
"Im sorry, what operation are you referring to?"
Mobile?
The used No Children in a TV show??? Shit that must have been a dark episode and/or show!
"Meanwhile the federal government says it's harmful and useless, along with crack and heroin."
Shadow web Night lord. im curious.. that skill works against bosses ? like the 5th job bind skill or is it different..
Working as intended
Tiffany
Sounds like a plan. Ill even use the donations to pay for the undercover gay agenda to attempt to have sex with and then expose anyone in politics.
I'm curious about the tobacco tax that would have gone to health programs. Over half of voters smoke?
Isn't Steins;Gate a visual novel? Saw it on ps store the other day.
Upcoming skins leaks * Star Guardian Lulu (1350 RP) * Star Guardian Janna (1350 RP) * Star Guardian Poppy (1350 RP) * Star Guardian Jinx (1820 RP) * Elementalist Lux (3250 RP) * Candy King Ivern (1350 RP)
"This is nasty, nice snipe"
"LIVE Stream: President-Elect Donald Trump Rally in Cincinnati, OH 12/1/16"
GTX 780 working excellent with Vulkan on an older driver! over 140 FPS Ultra @ 1080p
Being in love with another person
"Petition to change ""male"" to penis-person and ""female"" to vagina-person."
"Nah, make a proper argument or gtfo."
Podesta: Hillary Clinton is not giving a concession speech and won't be saying anything else tonight - 40 minutes later HRC concedes.
He's *literally* Hitler. How'd I do?
I am never voting for a Bernie Democrat ever.
"Nice, but too soon man. Give it at least a week before the jokes"
"Why are there so many turks spamming ingame? hey. i play ToS a few times a week and at least in ranked practice, it seems like there are tons of turks speaking turkish all the time. this really takes the fun away when half the lobby is speaking a foreign language and you can't understand anything. will BlankMediaGames do nothing about that?"
"Gotta get dirty, pay people to post bad things about their businesses and if they don't like it, tell them to pay up for an account and we'll delete it. ""Protection"" rackets are profitable businesses."
The obsession with game of thrones is a bit much
Global warming finally confirmed
No you wouldn't have
"Well, your American husband is retarded. I didn't even vote for Trump, but this is so funny!"
And better looking of course!
4/13/16 Maybe you remember?
"Trump adviser wants to cut NASA climate change research, calls it 'politicized science'"
The Republican party figured out a while ago that they could exploit an uneducated majority by throwing them social issues they don't give a rats ass about in order to get them to vote against their own economic interests. They've continually gotten more and more radical since then. And now this has happened.
"Almost everything. I hate how the Philippines create its shows. Hence why I stopped watching the television. Paulit ulit kasi yung mga kwento. Iba iba lang ang pangalan. I tried to follow Encantadia when it was released. I lasted for about 2 months(?), I can't even remember the story now. I have problems with the script, delivery from the actors, editing, etc. and I really hate filler episodes."
"Based on where the golds are, I'd say they were on attack and nobody even got that far."
"Well, the fact is he is friends with a convicted pedophile, and said that they have the same taste in women. Source: trumps own mouth."
"If he is American, we can't deport him. We don't dump our crazies off on other countries. We can repair him; we have the technology!"
No Republican. No Democrat. TV PARTY TONIGHT
Taken recently on a country road in the Appalachian Mountains of West Virginia near Bluefield.
"The liberal, young crowd of Reddit makes its (unsurprising) post-election autopsy: Go further left! You sound like the tea party - the solution to losing an election is to go further towards the edges. In reality that's very unlikely to happen."
"I'm telling you now, America: your country will see so much terrorism in the coming four years. Nothing breeds extremism like stupid, and nothing breeds stupid like extremism."
TIL The loudest known noise was created by a volcano which created sound waves that altered air pressure on earth for 5 days and ruptured the ear drums of sailors 40 miles away from the blast.
IT'S ABOUT TIME!
well.. for the DH I guess he now likes Mythic+ with big ass pulls :D
You know you love somebody when you write that person's number down on a piece of paper. Just in case your phone suddenly ever breaks.
Non ho mai visto Una poltrona per due. AMA
Bad performance just on Cs Go?
"Penises of Reddit, where would you rank Elton John among the best penises in the world? Is he one of the best, or do his talents lie elsewhere (e.g. singing, songwriting...)?"
Big ol meaty clackers if he does. Maybe someone at big pharm will piss him off.
A Peacemaker would be a terrible killing spree weapon. Being a revolver and a small arms. You need a speed reloaded and need to be an expert marksman. Most likely it's just one of many incase monsters come roaming into town weapon caches you just happen to find and less someone's plotting to go postal.
Even kids get it
"it's treated, just not effectively"
Just redditing while taking a massive poo
They're trying to save you from embarrassment.
So you don't want to gouge his eyes out?
"If there was a machine that could answer any question in existence, what would you ask if you only had one chance?"
"I do, and thank you"
"It only does that with games from the SAME generation. Information gets added and changed when moving to a new generation. This is why once you move one to SM via bank, it cannot ever go back to XYORAS."
Soooooo what about Russia? Putin is pals with Assad.
Forrest Gump was actually Tom Hanks all along
this will only work if there is ambient IR light. in normal conditions with no light source for the camera i think it won't work. am i right?
A good kidney is worth a lot to the right people.
Well early congrats to barca and atletico for la liga title hope youre happy :)
We have smart signals that prioritize the traffic on roads at a junction based on how much honking they hear from it.
"If you drive more than 10,000 miles/yr you have a 1:6000 chance of dying in a car accident"
Taking the RGB up a notch.
Indoctrination is a cruel form of mental child abuse any way you slice it.
"Trump is very intelligent. He's a Wharton grad, and he built a several billion dollar empire. He also tricked the entire working class into thinking he had their backs, and we all watched it happen. I'd be happier with a shill who can't do a damn thing except act as a standardized Republican stand-in. Trump might be the perfect combination of intelligent, narcissistic, and delusional to actually do a great deal of harm to this country."
"Nah, did you read, it looks dead."
Statistical evidence also suggests that bears tend to shit in the woods.
"If you had to create a brutally honest slogan about yourself and wear it on a tee shirt, what would it say?"
I've done this in 64 well over a decade ago. It's just rare to see it in an actual match.
How do the announcers get prepared for a game? What happens 'behind the scenes' while they commentate?
"Why would he want to be that ""nice dude"" if he gets nothing in return?"
OUCH
Wacky Jill Stein responds after WI completes their recount!
"that 90% of the bodybuilders you look up to are on steroids, set realistic goals."
"I'm a NeverTrump guy who wrote in ""Giant Meteor"" and voted Republican down ballot. Basically I didn't hurt or help Trump. I feel like I did my part. I was soooo wrong about Trump but I still couldn't be happier right now. You guys did great! Now could you please scoot over and let me on the Trump Train? Buckle up buckaroos! It's time to make America great again!"
"Yeah, this HAS to be satire. No way someone is THAT stupid."
Things that drop faster than the DOW Futures did last night
"My god.... India, China and Russia?"
Donald Trump is US president-elect
Turn 2 this into turn 3 velens in wild.
"Why do they call Jill ""Jake"" there? It sounds like a bigoted remark."
"So correct me if I'm wrong, but your graph shows 16%, not 41%."
"Jigsaw. Maybe my favourite song tbh. When he goes into that upper register... *Jigsaw falling into place, so there is nothing to explain*"
"Was it a lot faster? I used Firefox at the time it came out, switched over for a week or two, and then switched back because there wasn't much of a difference besides the UI."
Anyone else already hate the new MSG scoreboard?
Summoned all 3 ifrits in 3 summons (so happy i dont have to do more) - shit post
Sleep tight Tucker
"You're intentionally or accidentally being really obtuse - its unclear from your comments. You need to understand the difference between a platform (a political stance combined with a policy strategy) and an ideological orthodoxy (a socially reinforced idea set). If you don't understand the difference, I can't help you."
"HIV/AIDS in Venezuela 'impossible to control,' health group warns"
Hindsight is 20/20
Banks to take one-day break from currency exchange on Saturday
She might've won if she wasn't so horrible.
TIL l'olio di palma vive di vita propria e ama crogiolarsi al sole in spiaggia.
seguro que no hablas de ...todos los estados del norte?
Already looking forward to the new defense I've Chem that allows you to disguise who you are usering
Question about my ban
"I'm 14, and started to ascend a couple years ago. I guess it was steam sales, the fact that I had an xbox 360 when the one was out, free online play and Minecraft that I could play with my friends. Now my 360 is in a closet, unloved."
"MMW: Trump will have a positive, successful first year as president, and celebrities will begin admitting they voted for him"
"Not exactly borderless, but I want these borders to be freely traversable. Even if you have to go through documentation or registration. But being completely denied access to a piece of dirt should not be a thing. Atleast for public dirt. Private land is a different matter, but states aren't companies."
I don't get it
"Not a chance in hell. Democrats need to run youngish, white, charismatic men from now on. They can't risk anything else."
Trial in rape case against Asaram begins
"People can downvote me to oblivion, it's fine. But the race card to me doesn't really work here. I've clearly seen people from all walks of life, all races, all sexuality voting for Trump."
"I know shes not on them, *but* it would be funny as fuck if she popped for roids."
Why is this being downvoted?
Instructions unclear. Fried dumplings clogging fuel lines. Please help.
Why do you hate the Fairy typing?
"John williams has apparently never seen any of the Star Wars films, so its not THAT surprising."
Born &amp; raised. Yes that is the only acceptable answer to having to commute in the MD/VA/DC area.
To bad it wasn't rec or Florida might be worth visiting.
Foldable Kayak
"What kills me is that this situation is very unlike [adult swim]. Every fucking show that challenged the norm in some way found its place in their network, and now that the ""norm"" is protecting people's feelings, we're never going to see anything challenging ever again"
"Although the dater says we only want high level quests, I really think Zeah won't feel right until there are 3-4 beginner/intermediate quests in each area. MM2 was one of few updates that was almost universally loved (the rewards were the only point of argument, really), and I also really want to see more awesome quests, but I REALLY think a part of what makes Zeah feel ""empty"" is the lack of quests. Even simple little 5 minute quests that take you into some of the empty buildings in Zeah would make a HUGE difference."
And Hillary won the popular vote thanks to one city
"Honestly I don't think the ads about him using rude words is very effective. I would much rather see an ad similar, but with all his comments about all the war crimes he wishes to commit, maybe with a blurb from a general"
The Big Short... or at least any analyzing
Updates: Class Changes
"Right-Wing Extremists Celebrate Death of Fidel, Praise Trump"
"It isn't, they achieve that by executing everyone that breaks the law."
Moderators Pm boxes probably right now.
It basically means that Trump plans on cleaning up corruption and changing the politics of DC so the environment doesn't allow for lobbyists to dominate and influence politics.
PL Steals OOS Fortizar with Rorquals #teamrorq
"Okay white people, message received loud and clear: you really hate us as much as we feared you did."
Tentacool would've resisted his fighting moves so that may have been a better option.
"Yes, it's also a power given to them by the constitution."
"instead of ZZrot you get talisman, which gives you the same tower MS anyway"
Statue of Liberty Moves Back to France
"In a way, it was slightly his fault for giving the old drum major permission to come up and conduct. Don't see why you needed to take the blame for something he did."
Shout out to all the people who swore up/down that Garrett would be claimed and Bersin is a disaster. Garrett is too raw and Aunt Thor knows how to find soft spots in a zone.
That movie should be called Furiosa Road.
"I'm going to enjoy the MSM actually doing their job. They won't let Trump get away with anything and I'm thankful for that. With Clinton, they were practically in her back pocket."
LOL good luck keeping 100% goodwill for a month.
That's my point. Marijuana is a victimless crime. It's also a massive untapped economic opportunity. No unelected bureaucrat should have the power to mandate that over all citizens. It's why he wants marijuana to be a state issue.
"Nah, I would, though Theresa May would probably find me and garotte me or something."
"It'd be great if Steam had some sort of system where you could have demos and see if your PC can run the game before you buy it. Oh wait, that exists it's just no one wants to use it."
"TIL that the music used in the ""You wouldn't steal a car"" anti-piracy advertisement was pirated"
your humor
Can regular fluorescent lights be used for this?
Real Cat meets RoboCat
Stickhandling 101
"If Senna, then why not Prost?"
"Spice is the worst thing in the world. It is basically chemicals sprayed on dried plants you smoke to get high. I've never taken it myself, however it has grown in popularity with the local homeless. I recently encountered a man laying face down in the street, his friends on seeing me approach him explain he is ""spiced under."" I've only known one person who admits to trying it. He said it was horrible. You're in a buzzy place and your head hurts, he said it was like a ten minute k hole. He said the headache lasted a day or two. So what are those chemicals? Well they vary from blend, but they are synthetic cannabinoid. You remember how people say weed is natural? This is fake lab made shit. Is it safe? It says right on the packet ""not for human consumption."" You be the judge."
Donald Trump - US President What in the actual fuck.
So having the president picked pretty much entirely by urban cities wont leave resentment to those living in rural states?
What trend is finally dying down?
An atheist friend of mine said that Luke and Matthew copied from Mark How can I answer him?
It's been that way for as long as I remember. Not sure who owns it.
Not sure why you got downvoted by expresing your sympathy even if you are not getting the worst consecuences of this.
"Purely playing devil's advocate here, but what if a slightly more rational person had been joining in the anti government talk, and then balked at the idea of action, and explained how bad of an idea it was. Instead that had what amounts to agent provocateurs who reinforced their beliefs. I don't agree with them at all, but I can see both sides here."
Why?
I hate how people keep pretending that this campaign is nasty for any reason other than Donald Trump. IT'S HIS FAULT. Hillary would happily run a civil campaign against a normal Republican.
"Astronomer here- there is no sound in space. This means space battles should have no explodey sounds in them and the like. Similarly, asteroid fields and nebulae are always depicted as super trecherous and crowded places. In actuality, the asteroid belt is so empty that you'd be lucky to see a single asteroid when crossing one, and a nebula would have maybe 100-100,000 particles per square centimeter in it (compared to 10^19 per cm^2 for the atmosphere). Not *quite* like it was in *Star Trek 3*, let's put it that way."
"You're normal. The earbuds are designed to fit the majority of ears. The problem is there are a lot of people who aren't normal, ear openings that are significantly bigger, smaller, or oddly shaped. A one-size-fits-most solution like AirPods won't work well for them. But there will be third party alternatives for them. The AirPods will work perfectly fine for most people (until they lose one)."
"I actually like the zap one, maybe for enemies too so zap isn't so easy for a counter?"
More Norwegians in the US than in Norway
"When you say stick check, you mean sticklift right?"
what josuke says is true
nevermo :p but I can gladly describe my continuous walk with Jesus.
"Illuminati and Lizard People of reddit, why didn't you do your job correctly?"
Is mayonnaise an instrument?
Target shooting is actually a really good way to make your shooting skills useless for self defense. It's low stress (relaxing really) and doesn't simulate live environments and moving targets at all. Practice a shooting sport like multigun or IDPA and you'll be much better off (and it's way more fun if you're not going for the relaxing zen thing)
"TIL that in Finland, speeding ticket prices are calculated on the percentage of an individual's income. This results in millionaires facing exorbitant fees. One such case occurred in 2002 when a Nokia executive was fined $103,000 for going 45mph in a 30mph zone on his motorbike."
"""What kind of man is getting his arse kicked by a woman?"" - GC Feminism once more fails at basic feminism"
"Ah, the good ole LT getting the credit for everyone else's work."
My gun show walk out. DD V11 with slim rails and Typhoon Kryptec. Oh yea new Acog 4x32.
I like your dad want to share?
Crypto?
Podesta Podesta
I have a tablet in place of my stereo so I really don't need the phone. But I usually just put it on the seat lol
"LG 98"" Edge LED Widescreen 4K UHD - $22,375.99(-$11,310.00 IR)"
Then you need to read Zinn and Chomsky. They are the ones I learned this from.
"So it's a new take on Deathlord, seems neat. The obvious weakness is that it's a battlecry now, so keeping it alive, as priest for example, doesn't help it. Maybe the lowered mana cost is enough to make it a great anti aggro card, we'll have to see it in practice."
"It's all wide-open ocean out there. You aren't climbing over a fence. Yes, they know where they are and that they are on the wrong side of the line. But the only reason they want to be there is because that is where the fish are, and that is their entire livelihood. No fish, no money."
Is it blue eyes dragons? ARe they pendulum magicians with dragons? Are they masked heroes with Dark Law? Are they ritual faeries with Herald of Perfection?
Mexican newspaper chimes in with a subtle headline
It is the opposite. Game of Thrones draws from real life diplomacy.
That would actually be really cool. 2 Kings on each side (no Princesses) and everyone with their own elixir bar. Imagine the size of the pushes.
"Creative idea, but the last thing I want is to connect my guns to the Internet. Just like I don't need a Bluetooth toothbrush, toaster, water bottle, or anything else for that matter."
Fuck me?
What games have you invented to play in your head when you're bored?
Assuaging the Anaconda.
"What has a bad reputation, but isn't that bad once you start to understand more about it?"
Barack Obama will go down as one of the great presidents
"""People""- The founding fathers, who were great and all, but also the rich white men of their society who didn't trust the people to choose the right president."
The joke's still on you. Just because you're not at fault here doesn't mean you won't have to live with the consequences.
"""And an underage girl."""
"Yep. The two best killers in the world fought you, and you survive... it means you won."
Vancouver vs Seattle
"At the same time, there will be deep pressure from China for us to choose a side. Personally, I don't mind closer ties to China, but I am a Chinese-Australian, hence the bias. I think a stronger Pacific, where we all work together to build a vibrant economic zone is better for Australians than hanging onto the US (a country oceans away). Proximity makes it necessary."
"There's a supposed patch for Pro still maybe happening. I'm still skeptical that it'll push 60 frames. That aside, PC version in 2018 will be our best bet."
I'm fair disappointed that I couldn't use this meme
"Wells Fargo paying $190 million to settle consumer fraud case. ""Wells Fargo pushed customers into costly financial products that they did not need or even request."""
STPeach Banned after Just Dance Stream
We have a new #1 and they also wear red.
"How important is that number 1 waiver claim? Every year I waste waiver claims. Last year week 1 I had one. Ellington got hurt and I had DJ, let chris Johnson pass me by for Moncrief. I feel like it happens every year. We all know you don't win on draft day. It takes waivers, monitoring, trades, add drops and a little luck to take the Shiva. How important does holding that #1 claim come into it?"
At least some 2nd gen vipers had rear exhaust like this. I'm thinking this is a real viper that somebody got really stupid with.
And you can join for just $22! Anyone want to start a traveling team?
"Well, I've already taken a horrible Chipotle shit today, can I blame him for that?"
"Chinese investments may hurt rather than help Pakistan, say think tanks, IMF - Times of India"
Hillary never deserved to win and i am glad she didnt
"raps fans out here saying JV sucks. Cmon guys, rly."
but can he milk those tits?
I thought candelle was supposed to be angry all the time. She appears to have an unhappy look.
me_irl
People stop posting pretty pictures of Oregon
"Louis Van Gaal is the same as Wenger, a former great who is stuck in the past and has lost his magic. In my opinion Wenger should have retired after 2014, that would have been the perfect ending."
Bernie Sanders is the de facto leader of the Democratic party now.
"Oh my, I felt so salty after finishing this game man, no other better games to play (IMO). For real though. There won't be a Witcher 4 at least in the near future."
"Lol, I've hated wikileaks from the start, however I don't believe they were linked to Russia a decade ago, they were just giant douchenozzles."
My Princess Carolyn pin came in the post today!
B0aty massive dfs pk wow
Traffic Jam on Khumbu Icefall ladder climbing | Everest 2016
I love their use of the word: **INSPIRES** lmao Never change peice fo shit media
I walk a Different path
"Yeah this story got buried by the election, but the mot recent round of DNC leaks has some pretty enraging stuff in it"
"There's no Senna/Prost rivalry that people would care about... Lewis Hamilton is marketable, but nobody outside the F1 fans knows any other driver."
"Lightsaber pieces So, I'm aware that this question is kinda stupid and it has probably been asked before but at 6am, I'm not looking for that shit. Can I put Saberforge pieces on an Ultrasabers saber and vice versa? I want to put a Saberforge emmiter and possibly pommel on an Ultrasaber hilt."
Anyone been stationed at Barksdale? What was your experience like?
WOMEN ARE FUNNY (YOU SH1TLORD) GET OVER IT.
"HEADS UP, we got a badass over here!"
This member of the quartz family is colloquially known as Grape Agate
That doesn't seem sad compared to other things like how a reality TV star destroyed 16 Republicans and 1 Democrat to become the 45th POTUS.
This guy drinks...
Tim Kaine was literally the most boring and milquetoast person they could have picked for VP. I think the VP selection was one of the DNC's great follies this election. They could have gone with someone much more likeable that could have energized the base more.
no. she was saying that AC was sexist.
"We have the wow signal, which some scientists *do* accept as proof"
"I lent a shitty soldier who was confined to the barracks borrow a TV. Soldier deserts while I'm in the field. All his stuff including my TV gets wrapped up and ""stored""."
"From my point of view, the scientists are evil!"
"Its a medical issue, how could it be anything else??"
Does it have lag?
"Hill also knows our offense already though. Whoever we bring in is going to have to sit for a while just to understand everything. On top of that, IMO, Kaepernick just doesn't fit our system."
You can put your dick in a trumpet.. not sure what I'd do with a snare...
"Did she get that many votes? Wow, good for her"
All women are beautiful!
You just did that with every democrat. You are dumb
"Yes, the stock cooler sucks, and as I said, I would have gone with the K version but I got a really good deal with the locked one, so it was a steal for me."
Got it thanks. Hope there's a way to change my pre order! :(:(:(
It's not going to be useful if it's placed in the middle because troops just walk away from it.
Snoop backing the Brendan!!!
"Getting married Friday, and the tables are named after locations in Skyrim"
You'll take these up votes and you'll like it.
"He is a baby, I mean teen and younger than other 7k..its fit him perfectly..dont believe me check his KR voice..its childish too"
"He probably realises getting $1 off 1 billion people is better than not making $2 off 0 people, so to speak."
"Yeah, 1 week isn't nearly enough time."
"Here's Audio Of Trump Campaign CEO Saying: ""What We Need To Do Is Bitch Slap"" The GOP"
WE NEED TO HIJACK #NOTMYPRESIDENT
"Hillary for Prison? ""Let's make it happen!"""
Hillary Clinton Brags About Republican Endorsements!
Jezebel turns on its own
"Brigade All You Want, It Will Never Change This Map"
"1 Suspect Dead, 9 in Hospital After Ohio State Car-and-Knife Attack. Law enforcement officials told NBC News the suspect was an 18-year-old Ohio State student, a Somali refugee"
"This needs to be brought up every time CNN says ""WHAT HAPPENED?"""
Sounds like a good idea.
I sincerely doubt that a pro would waste time getting to back site and placing graffiti when he could get shot in the back of the head at any moment from tunnels. Especially when at most the T's will be distracted for a couple seconds in one round.
The last laugh is going to happen when the trainwreck that is the future Trump Administration fails to MAGA in four years.
*grabs soda*
Frankly I'm sick and tired of working class American's paying the price for these imperialist games that only benefit the rich but cost them nothing.
I hope isis sends some trucks to them
"Ive already update it, just saying this is a recurrent problem, sale anglais de merde"
"Spending a Trillion Dollars for ""Infrastructure"": A Top Trump Priority"
"Beach cruisers are inherently terrible. They're not practical to ride on hills, so they end up sitting in the same spot for months taking good parking spots. Their handlebars also take up three spaces. There should be some time limit for parking a bike (2 months?) Just my opinion..."
to be fair I don't think any of those were cpt events/ had all that much competition
Drink what?
I am not sure I am understanding this. Is there implied irony in the third paragraph as it contrasts with the second paragraph? Perhaps I have been lost in translation.
Birleys.
What kind of damage does this do to the aircraft?
Tata boardroom coup: Independent director Nusli Wadia likely to back Cyrus Mistry
"*to be wife*, if i get any good match :P"
buy a Audio/Video to HDMI and you can play a Sega genesis in 4k... this is the dumbest gimmick ever!!!
Steam's Screenshot uploader produces the highest quality uncompressed pixels
"I know... as I said, I just took one from royal tv. Kind of an experiment. Can you recommend a good sparky deck?"
When your 3 Musketeers get killed by a Fireball one level higher....
"Every player that I face in the challenges has an spectator, what a coincidence As the title says all of the has a spectator for the 1st minute so they can know my elixir and card rotation. Solution to this, friends can't spectate any more"
I created a subreddit for letting out your evoked emotions! r/RageRoyale What are the things that annoy you the most in this game? This new subreddit is a specific place for showing your salt. Complaining is definitely allowed!
Because something you didnt like happened? Do you hate game of thrones cause a good character you like dies too? Its like bitching about minecraft making the portal and not liking what happens when you walk through it. No one said you had to walk through the portal to enjoy the game.
Disney to Scan Fingers of 3 Year Olds to Prevent Fraud
Justin Fuente^pls
"Tax on foreign homebuyers would be 'horrible,' Toronto real estate lawyer warns - Toronto"
"Foundation (part, not expansion) - Use? What do you use the foundation for? The base starts off without one (at least, mine did). I was quite able to lay down hallways and round rooms alike without a foundation. So...what are they for?"
"To be fair, we are talking about Liberals here. They are not known for rational and level-headed thought and actions, as evidenced by the shit going on on tonight."
What's a show from your childhood that no one else seems to remember?
So 7.1 drops two raids? Karazan and nighthold?
"Fair enough, i respect that."
Bureau of Land Management?
I'm having the hardest time coming up with something interesting and unique to play in commander. I've played almost exclusively edh for close to 6 years now and I feel like I've played almost all there is to play. Can you guys give me some ideas?
"Venezuela delays state elections to 2017, opposition angry"
Dead Man Elected to Office in Oceanside
he is hitting everythinh
People still use Landfall??
Worth upgrading so they can all make drags but once you get up to being able to make miners/bowlers I don't see the point.
"Hillary ""I'll kill them all"" Clinton? That's more like Trump"
I couldn't help but think
"He needs to fuck the hell off with his lies about Chicago. Yes, we have high rates of gun violence and strict gun laws, but that's because PEOPLE JUST LEAVE THE CITY TO OBTAIN THEIR GUNS AND GET AROUND THE RESTRICTIONS. Of course the restrictions don't do jack shit when Indiana is 20 fucking minutes away."
Panneerselvam.. officially decided
My teacher memed herself.
I created a new theme for the subreddit - let me know what you think!
There's nothing quite like MARINE CORPS logic when dealing with SJW's...
It's sad she wasted her life. Everyone is good at something
What? Attacking the mother of the children he's raising is an honoured tradition.
Woman and her friends go into total meltdown over guy wearing #buildthewall shirt
Kinda late to the party but any chance if I went to a local McDonalds and asked to have Poutine made that they would despite not being on the local menu? I had some when I was at a McDonalds in Quebec awhile back and it was godly drunk food. I'm in the Northeastern US if that matters.
I want special Yoda's movie with jungle animals and stuff.
"Who pays for the blood test? Denmark here, if you call in sick for anything and your employer doesn't trust you then they have to pay for you to provide a doctors note!"
"Battlefield 1 wont start on my PC As it says, I am trying to play the Early Enlister Edition on PC but whenever I attempt to start the game it opens for a second then quits on me. I did as people as have said and turned off the origin overlay as well as all screen recorders and other overlays. My GPU is a AMD 7770 and the minimum is AMD 7870, so could that be the main problem?"
"Before anyone asks, I just put my messages in there for example."
Is it even health and safety law? I thought the Met created their own policy as a result of the teenagers that keep getting killed in these type of pursuits.
Might massive infrastructure spending be the silver lining?
Bernie celebrating Thanksgiving at $600 thousand house the DNC gave him as consolation prize for fucking him over.
Or the top player on your team gets to execute the top player from the other team in the end screen.
"Tank meta, aim bots, crouch mouse wheel spam, this game is such shit honestly. Needs a total overhaul."
It's bizarre how The Donald subreddit is all about anti-PC culture when they basically have a safe space censoring anything offensive to them.
"What chemical weapons? Assad got rid of them all. The jihadis are the ones using chems now. They just used Chlorine gas in East Aleppo a few days ago. And we did let it slide, you know, that whole bullshit 'redline' thing?"
Feds use Seattle gangster's selfie against him
the new Redemption item is too op now for support.
Is this a shitpost or something? Ahri isn't close to broken at this point.
Guess now they're gonna have to **Carrie** her to the morgue.
3 men arrested after 19-year-old girl is gagged and gang-raped under Eiffel Tower
Well this is good-spirited and uniting. Calling half of American voters rubes seems like a great idea.
"Exactly! I never thought I'd be trapped, but here I am... And even though it took a while for me to come to terms with it I now recognize that forcing myself to ignore my feelings over something like gender is pretty stupid. I've never used Discord before but there's no time like the present. Thanks for the invite!"
Time to Make Football Great Again
i love how this is 93% upvoted but we're supposedly homophobic assholes.
"TIL in 1998, Sony launched 700,000 camcorders which unknowingly had the ability to see through people's clothes. They were immediately recalled."
"All I want are edibles, if anything regulate the information that needs to be provided along with edibles. ""joint equivalents,"" recommended serving sizes, whatever."
Not a bit. I'm Canadian ;). I don't pay a cent for healthcare.
"This is weird, I was just thinking about this idea yesterday and now it's here, happening, and already on reddit. I'm getting more and more convinced that I already have a chip in my head where they can see my thoughts."
He literally admitted to it on camera
good horror movies for atheist? Ghosts &amp; Demons just ain't doing it for me anymore.
and the mom saves herself but lets her kids get hit
YouTube: The Great War channel. They've been producing a show every week for almost two years (100 years ago today......) and will continue until November 2018. It's binge watching at its best.
Found your wallet
There is a reason his girlfriend apparently dumped him according to his t-shirt... cuck. Stay classy CNN as you make the politburo and Pravda look like Brietbart.
no arrests made or video of the incidents?
Have some slag eat a kebab off his chest.
I might replace my D20 with this
we are also enjoying the Knicks defense this season
Sweet or Savory?
Our Japanese exchange student brought this as a gift
"Well this was a brilliant laxative, thank you OP."
"Never EVER assume that someone would want you to take that step without asking their permission. Even if its with good intentions, ask first and let them have the chance deiced."
"Hey man its alright. This stuff gets posted all the time. Theres like 8 billion people in the world and like 16,000 people subscribed here. If even one person subscribes to this sub and sees it, theres a chance they havent seen it. As long as someone enjoys it. Its alright. I do enjoy seeing reposts because there is almost always someone who hasnt seen it and its awesome to see their reaction like the first time everyone else saw it. So you keep posting man, if you see something in town or out and about with holes in it that unsettles you, share it. Because if all of reddit didnt do repists, half of everything posted would be gone because its almost all been posted before."
This is the front page of todays newspaper in Scotland.
"I agree. What is it now, 3 hits at all ranks?"
"For anyone not aware, it was the democratic party that founded the KKK in retaliation to the Republican party allowing black people to be equal citizens."
"Or better still...writes in ""Harambe"" for president"
"Ok? I'll be that guy, completed what?"
Paces Properties acquires aging Monroe Drive InTown Suites hotel for $8 million
Independence it is then. That's the only way to ensure our choice in the Brexit referendum isn't completely ignored.
I remember the days when guys who would dress in all black for gothic/industrial reasons would also wear army boots or Doc Martens or something instead of white athletic sneakers.
"Hiya! I'm interested in your sewing kit, shoe boxes, hha raincoat, and yarn basket"
I just watched Gremlins and realised this.
"De dimetrodon was een reptiel, maar al de diersoorten die nog overleven waarvan een relatie is aangetoond met de dimetrodon zijn zoogdieren."
m it's lowercase first. Check
"Much love for Blizz, but really hoping to see this fixed (Nazeebo)"
What's up?
Rudy Gay leaning towards opting out in 2017 mounting pressure on SAC to trade him. Do we go for it? How do we do it? Whatever picks we have left? Wes? Austin? Jamal? JJ???
@ScottAdamsSays: Clinton supporters have nothing left but name-calling. You see this everywhere now. It's cognitive dissonance.
"Advice on switching GPU? So I've had an r390 for awhile now and it is still going pretty strong, but I may be giving it to my brother and getting myself a new GPU. I'm currently eyeing the 1070 but just want opinions on what the best next step is. I've never upgraded any part of my pc before so this is pretty new to me"
"Will this have any affect on my Gaming experience ? Hi, I have 2 Monitors and i want to buy a third one. I will only play on one of them and i use the other ones for chrome &amp; coding stuff, Will this have any affect on my Gaming performance ?"
Whenever women don't reply to me/ignore me on dating sites I send them one final message....
do we really need another hou yi/apollo in the game?
"Honestly, that was such a weak fucking line lmao"
"If you play casually, sure."
Know I'm getting old when I know absolutely nothing about where these groups are.
"Same in India. Some parts say it attracts snakes and some parts say it attracts thieves. You can avoid the snake thing by saying ""russi"" 3 times. Russi means rope."
"And testicles. Jeeze, don't y'all pay attention?"
Right? It's so weird. I haven't been insulted in 48 hours. Craziness!
Hahahahah! You guys live in such a weird paranoid bubble.
Washington outsider Donald Trump's modest living room in his $100 million penthouse
Updated Frost Dragon Guide - With Bonepicker
"I heard they tried to record together, but they ended up hating each other. Jackson was uncomfortable with Mercury doing so much cocaine, even in Jackson's house. And Mercury was uncomfortable with Jackson bringing his pet llama to the studio."
Daughter: Will boys think it's ok to kiss girls that don't want it now? Son: I'll protect you Daughter: LOL JK I am strong independent woman who won't take bullshit from anyone
I don't think Alvarez could ever make 145 sadly
Too soon?
Lindy looks so fucking mad.
This guy could really use a wife sometimes.
Fun fact: this nuclear reactor produces less radiation than coal fired plants. Another fun fact: this isn't new technology. *All* nuclear power plants release less radiation than coal plants.
"You are wrong.. Pray, Bang and Ruler were better than him"
Thanks! TIL! I'll make sure to use it differently next time. Appreciate it!
just a little upgrade from and old HD 3450 to an rx 480
How to properly play Bomb King. 1. Max Grumpy Cooldown 2. Max Poppy launch + det on impact 3. Spam abilities
Ned Colletti signings such as Jason Schmidt and Andrew Jones
"That actually is good news. I just hope he doesn't fit the safety regulations regarding nuclear plants. Those are sort of important. If done correctly, nuclear could be our saving grace. If done poorly, its very dangerous. Regulations make a big difference here. Cut the right ones and you see huge success, cut the wrong ones and its disastrous."
The picture of the burgundy palette on Kylie's Instagram vs what I received
Racism is dea-
I think this is the sort of thing that has held Fallout 3/4 back from being an addiction for me. I can't get over shooting 100 times at something just to drop it. I'm fine with it with a game like The Division because it's a cover-based shooter and most enemies also take cover. A game like this however just degenerates into a game of exploiting the AI and pathing so you can slowly plink away at its health while it can't get close enough to one-shot melee you. It just feels monumentally stupid as a player. It's artificial challenge by stacking stats against you.
Refinishing a Veneered Dresser built in 1963 (x-post from /DIY/)
"If you have to invent bullshit, maybe you are on the wrong side"
The blister on my foot looks like a foot...
Millenials are looking for change. We are the victims of a jobless economy. We are sick of politics. Katy Perry isnt going to sway us to vote for a candidate. We want a person with passion and new ideas- not a politican. The DNC screwed themselves when they rigged the election for Hillary.
What can a group of teenagers do in Mississauga for fun We're all 17 in our last year of high school but apart from going to each other's houses every now and then there's not much to do. Sucks that club 108 got closed down.
Rate my build :D
"The ELN hasn't signed a peace treaty yet, so the war isn't over."
"Emilia is an actual person, with things going on that don't revolve around Subaru, Rem is literally made to just be a waifu for Subaru"
1060 Razer Blade in Microsoft Store Online
"I swear, we're gonna be embarrassed to tell our grandchildren that we lived in a time where leisure was considered shameful, and weed was illegal."
"Chuck Johnson on a train telling a leftist offended by his Trump hat to ""fuck off"" repeatedly. GLORIOUS"
"Armor really needs a complete rework (alongside many other things...) to be something more than just a multiplicative damage modifier. I've always personally been a fan of armor acting as a damage subtraction modifier instead (essentially making high armor targets impervious to high rate of fire low damage weapons), since it at least is different, whereas the current system could be entirely eliminated in favor of just more base health. Then you can have armor *penetration*, which reduces how effective armor is at subtracting your damage, and a flat health type modifier which multiplies your damage according to its type. If you want a more involved system, just make armor its own health bar like shields, and make certain damage types reduce it over time. Damage type modifiers would affect armor health and enemy health separately, so you don't deal +1000% damage because the enemy has 1 armor point left."
I sit next to a girl who always wears a hijab..except for the day after the election. Her mother told her not to wear it out of fear. What a terrible thing to be scared in your own country
Google never shuts the fuck up about women and girls. I can't stand it.
"Many people have said that Trump won the election on the votes of disadvantaged, lower-to-middle class middle-Americans. If this is true, there is little he can do to help them. He cannot educate them, he cannot bring back broken industries, etc. He is not their savior. Nor was Obama the savior for the people who bought into the Hope and Change rhetoric. The president is not a savior."
A big achievement by the girl.
"I really did feel bad for him. He was completely oblivious to the fact that she had tuned him out long ago. When my own bf does this, I listen to him for a bit and know he's excited for a win, or how much fun he had, but when he starts going into card specifics, I have to let him know that I have no clue what he's talking about. He does the same thing when I start rambling on about WoW or Overwatch."
So I take it all those Trump supporters hanging Hillary Clinton on a noose are all terrorists too?
"Not really. Flash grenades, mainly, but nobody uses them, and the inability to clealy see friend or foe, but I rarely have any problems there. Wait, I know! So you don't have the damn thing untoggling randomly all the time."
Wait... that's inefficient as fuck. She aint from the Vaterland. She must be Dutch.
J.R.R. Tolkien biopic Middle Earth will add new depth to Lord of the Rings
LAAAAAAAAAA-NAAAA!
The fans need to learn this for the next McGregor fight.
"Such a useless term, now a sjw is someone that believes in pseudo science?"
"It also depends on what you drink. A dark beer or something is really disgusting in my opinion, but a nice cider or girly drink is great."
ITT: lots of made-up statistics.
I remember Ur(Now Erbil) being considered the oldest city 5000bc i think
Is France significant enough ?
I'm like 90% sure that this is older than Jesus.
Probably the 3rd time I've seen this post.
"If tomb is pronounced ""toom"" and womb is pronounced ""woom"", shouldn't bomb be pronounced ""boom""?"
Why can't I abuse the opposition?
"LADIES: With your eyes closed, grab 3 things from out of your purse. What did you get? Literally the first three things you grab, no rummaging. Whatever it is you grab, pull it out and share. Thanks much. :)"
Roo Clue #4
What's fair about an election where the candidate with fewer votes wins?
I can't parse this question properly..... what do you mean?
"LG problem with 4K TVs only? Is the problem with LG TV specific to 4K TVs, or does it also affect 1080P TVs (so not 4K and non HDR)?"
* Harambe dies * Bernie loses * Trump is president * Every month this year has been the hottest month * Wikileaks has been infiltrated See you guys in the afterlife!
"Sure you can, they flat out refuse to hire anyone with 8 years experience or more."
Not every problem is someone asking us for help. There are just as many we decided to jump into ourselves. Some of it is resources. Some was to prevent expansion of enemy nations. We're rarely some place just for the benefit of others.
Like in Good Will Hunting?
"Wait, Australia dosent? As a gay New Zealander, I'm laughing at you mate"
"Actually if i remember correctly, Hitler's policies were rather ironic because he was not Aryan and his one of his grandparents was a Jew. (Which actually makes him fall into the % that was standardized for camps.)"
Because a great many Americans hate LGBT people.
I wish more people talked about the Sikhs and knew how to tell the difference.
"So if our defense does poorly, I wonder if anyone will be clever enough to make the ""our defense is doing to mannequin challenge"" comment."
"Wait, what happened to him at Bama?"
Soylent
Funny to see all the Trumpsters turn quiet as his joke of a cabinet unfurls
I want an old Ibra barca jersey. Kinda hard to find now
I'm down. Especially if we can get hardware to review
If you're in the closet because of family online dating is a good way to test the waters and feel at least a little bit close to someone. apologies if you felt attacked by the edit. My best advice if you want a relationship but not want to come out is check the me monday threads for peoples kiks lots of cute singles that are down to chat.
"Deeney to Rashford is it a good move, or rashford is still a rotation risk, i don't have any united cover."
"Being an out of US fan warrants dumb questions from other NFL fans :/ First off, if this isn't something that should be here I am sorry mods, go ahead and delete it. I just wanted to get it off my chest. The amount of questioning I have to go through as a foreign fan of the Browns is ridiculous. Any time I reveal on r/NFL that I am a fan from the UK I am met with a storm of comments like ""You know you can change teams right.."" and ""I am sorry for you"". It sucks so bad, I don't feel bad at all about being a Browns fan, and I don't need sympathy from them because we aren't a great team right now. Wish I could join football talks without people telling me that I should change my fandom, not about that life yo. Sorry to go on about a silly topic, GO BROWNS, Fuck John Elway and Fuck the Steelers, Fuck Art and Fuck you Boomer."
Haha triggered...although I actually agree with what u said
"I like Jellal more, but we'd never know until it happens."
GAME THREAD WEEK 12: VIKINGS AT LIONS i'm so hungry for stuffing
"The ACA is hurting many in the middle class - a family making $60000 a year can't afford to spend $12,000 a year on just premiums, let alone deductibles if something happens. But that doesn't matter to the left, it's always the 21m that'll be uninsured that matters most."
Why would you need to prove intent with the Hatch Act?
"Reminds me of all those times in the debates when Trump effectively said ""When if you didn't like me abusing tax loopholes Clinton should have closed them while she was in power."""
"There is actually but hard to find. On the chat window on the left there is a 'show player list' option, if you enable that you can see all active players to the right of the chatbox and if you hover over the icons next to the player names it shows ping. Very well hidden haha. Also the scoreboard feature can be found on the top right. There are icons there for victory progress and current scores."
Something different
Why's that not allowed?
"I would buy Reddit and give everyone gold then shut it down ""forever"" and see people bitch about it on social media"
The license plate looks to be from the dealership indicating it is brand new. More likely it's being delivered.
Damn I really was liking the way Accari was looking.
don't change. don't worry about it. relax. be here now.
That's a glitch
"Police: UL-Lafayette student made up story of being beaten, robbed of wallet and hijab"
Pardon him is great but the cabinet position it's just obvious pandering.
Batman has a plan for everything I imagine Batman has planned all of his allies going rogue and has stuff set up for that. (Even himself) but what if Bruce went mad and brainwashed the justice league? Is there anyone who can beat the bat and the league?
"Doesn't offer much? Oil, Mining, Fishing, (if it ever gets approved like it should have decades ago) Natural Gas, Logging, Farming (If you know what you're doing), Snow Machining, Dog Sledding, Sea Life Studying, And Hunting. This sate offers more then most places in the world do. It's expensive and cold but that's the best defense against people who are anti-progress, I just wish it worked better."
How on earth do you get all these candys :o
"Thanks, Barack Hussien Obamacare."
This vending machine gave me Susan B. Anthony coins instead of quarters.
God dammit McCown is gonna die isn't he
"Hope it is that way, OpenGL was doing no favors at all either."
"I can tell you're a political type, since your responses have been utterly devoid of anything resembling information."
"Look, YouTube is providing a resolution of 720p. Now whether it is actually 720 or 710, 700, etc you can debate. The other version shared was very choppy and very low res. I found this BETTER quality version so I decided to post it. Is that... Ok...?"
Da_Bears on the Coldzera Scandle
"I don't even know what matters is politics anymore. For me progressive causes died last night, and people are somehow still fixated on progressive change when we know have a republican majority. I don't get it how does this help anyone? People literally shot themselves in the face last night."
you can do that? i've been trying to get rid of my adopted cat for years.
Cavs do the Mannequin Challenge at The White House
"I have had some nagging injuries from running this year. This has caused some weight gain, about 15 pounds. Anyone here have some good motivation to help me start dropping these pounds?"
"I loved old joust so much, despite it's apparent bad qualities including turtling, I found it far more enjoyable than new joust. I don't know why but I find myself becoming very competitive and somewhat toxic in new joust whilst in the old map I was very laid back and had much more fun."
"Haven't heard of any of them up here in New England so I'm not too worried, personally. But... Realistic theory: One person probably did it as a prank, got attention, and now people are copying him/her. Tinfoil Hate theory: It's an enormous coven of witches that live in the forests of North America and we're just seeing a few of them coming out in public..."
And what happened in 1929? Great Depression...
"If something survives into the culture consciousness, it was influential, basically by definiton."
What to do with draft token? Play online or offline if offline what difficulty? I just got the game so I'm pretty shit not gonna lie
MFW liberals want to kill all white people to finally end racism
"Family In Need This Thanksgiving. I've had a pretty fortunate year (Nothing crazy, got a nice house and am getting married.) and I am looking to give back. Donations seem too disconnected but I will have family in from out of town so volunteering isn't really an option. If anyone knows of a family who has fallen on hard times and wouldn't be able to produce a nice thanksgiving spread for their family, please inbox me. I am in the greater Waterbury area."
"A debate question about the water situation in Flint while they were in Flint for the debate. I mean, a toddler could have seen that question coming."
Turns out I like everybody ever.
90 isn't that bad.
Mattress company airs offensive 9/11 commercial
"Yeah he's not that rich, he just funded a successful presidential campaign all by himself"
"""I'm a man, but if I got pregnant would I put my life on hold for a child I didn't want? Yes I would, and I can say that with confidence because I will never have to make that decision, so I'm unbiased."""
You didn't move away fast enough?
"Can we have this ""road"" in Highmountain removed? It's not even walkable and dying there is a guaranteed resurrection sickness."
How big is your monitor?
Tens of thousands of post-election protesters plan further action across US
No
"What about the men that are smaller, weaker, and less experienced at fighting then bigger(?) men?"
What do you call a sheep with no legs?
"Probably not. He only has 3 points this week, and there are tons of guys with 4,5, and 6 points."
Not if we build a wall!
350BPM Burst ok
no giant magnet?
"Jeremy Renner Signed For A ""Hawkeye"" Spin-Off Film"
"Honest question, what on earth makes you even consider Tom Hardy playing Junkrat?"
"Well, you cant see the slit. She looks like an attractive office lady with a regular allergy mask until you screw up and she kills you."
Said the same thing once I started watching him play. Flops more than Pepe tbh..
"Put it this way - if you're a firearms enthusiast, you can take a gun to your own private property or a range and discharge it there, away from other people. If you're an automotive enthusiast, you can take your car that goes unnecessarily fast and is unnecessarily loud to a track or your own private property. There will be no need for something like that on public roads when safety is a primary factor."
This team atm is the footballing equivalent of blue balls. Despite that I feel more optimistic under mourinho than moyes or van gaal. Just teach these fuckers how to finish get van nistlerooy in as a coach or something.
"So Small, So Son"
Everything's a lot more colourful now
No: white supremacists and those willing to tolerate white supremacy in the name of [abortion bans? tax cuts?] are the reason Trump won.
"It's the EYE OF THE TIGER, IT'S THE THRILL OF THE FIGHT RISIN' UP TO THE CHALLENGE OF OUR RIVALS AND THE LAST KNOWN SURVIVOR STALKS HIS PREY IN THE NIGHT AND HE'S WATCHING US ALL WITH THE EYYYEEEE of the tiger"
fuck you.
This picture has it all. Ugly career (((woman)))(?) with mixed race child. Chill ubermensch cop and upset quota cop. Classic feminist face in background.
"Realistically, may I ask how far can this go?"
What's your favorite quote?
Din ce judet esti ?
r/NamFlashBacks
CSI Coruscant up in here
"All the downvotes in the world won't make me wrong. This is people blindly hating on anything that is going against the circlejerk regardless of fact. Unless you're commenting on me being wrong for saying that I had -10, because I am wrong about that now...but was right at the time!"
"This. I don't know why people don't take the advice, when it works and makes it a lot easier."
Pres Elect Trump has setup a website asking how we can make America Great again. Now is your time to write why we should implement a more open-source computer infrastructure.
Check my comment above and the one about SMW3D
WR Austin Hill has been Released
"Obama did not call in the national guard, but I don't trust Trump to follow suit. Better now than later."
"What is a ""tuff sage""?"
"Browns first team to use 3 QBs in game, since Philly 2011 (Vick, Young, Kafka)"
"They might have a surprise event or something?! I don't know how TGS works to be honest, but I'm trying to stay hopeful."
"It'd be a nice surprise if they give us the full size. It's possible since the full size is just $12.50, but something tells me it's just the deluxe sample. In any case, the overall value of the box has so far been well above and beyond what I've paid for it. The eye cream sample I got last month was worth nearly $20, with an overall retail value for the box being at around $40. This month will likely be a dud for me due to me not being able to use the cream, but it's a first. I figure I'll come across a dud every now and again, so I keep a three strikes rule on cancelling."
"Lol, they'd just say ""Socialism wasn't done properly"""
Med den logik skal USA jo ud af FN.
They should make a 1/3 but call it a 1/5.
Remember: this is peaceful. And democrats are the tolerant ones. Don't be fooled by how hateful this might appear - hate always comes from the Trump supporters.
Still a Leo. Not that it means shit but I like lions and at least I didn't get cancer.
Apparently my capital became a barbarian puppet
Lobster soup at Newark Airport
Hoi 4
"Reformed Egyptian Book of Mormon - Cant find a translation for the characters, why?"
"Unless you are from the former East Germany. Man, those people hate english..."
Maybe you're too close minded to see the beauty in this person's vision and that is why you think this is a joke.
"I phoned tech support for Aliant (Canadian isp) about 10-12 years ago and completely hit it off with this girl of Italian descent. We spoke for about an hour or more as my client's problem was resolved, and still after. The conversation ended with this somber, yet kind of awkward silence as I tried to figure out if it would be weird to ask for her contact info, and I feel like she wanted to as well, but obviously couldn't. I wound up just saying ""it's been amazing talking to you, I hope my modem breaks again tomorrow so we can do this again haha"" and that was that... Tech support calls can be interesting."
"yeah, like getting beat up and have their car stolen for voting trump..."
For those of you who didn't want to spend 80 dollars on Modern Warfare Remastered you're in luck. On black Friday at Walmart the Legacy edition of Infinite Warfare will only be 57 dollars.
Fuck. These N64 models make me cringe. C'mon IntSys. Follow the footsteps of Pokemon Sun and Moon.
Why so much cheese from corners recently ?
"Reports of racist graffiti, hate crimes post-election"
"Driving from O4W to Suwanee to work everyday - am I insane? I have a new job prospect up in Suwanee. I live in ye Old Fourth Ward. Be brutally honest, will I want to blow my brains out making this commute 5 days a week?"
"What is the Alt-Left? I've been seeing the term pop up around the internet a lot today. What is it? Is it real? I've seen it applied to radical liberalism but also to more centered liberalism, and even liberals who are pro-gun. What is the Alt-Left's views?"
"man, just wait. if you automatically quit, train yourself not to.."
Quake of magnitude 6.4 hits near Indonesian town of Banda Aceh.
"If you said the same thing about Trump then you, too, could have a position in his administration. Kissing Trump's ass is the only actual requirement, apparently."
Next thing you know there is going to be tacos truck on every corner.
I could see him running again in 2020.
Are you on the east coast?there is a 260 parked at a service station near me. It's looks beat up but I can ask for you. No idea what's in it or if it's even for sale. But I'd help a brutha if I could. Let me know. It's in a philly suburb.
They're not supposed too. Why should they?
...why?
And nothing of value was lost...
I wasted it all just to watch you go
"Post-Match Thread: New York City FC vs Chicago Fire Sadness all around. I'm just going to look forward to next season now. If huge roster changes are made, and it seems like we're headed in a positive direction, I will be hopeful then. But now is a different story. Anyway, I thought I'd make this post so people can discuss this game if they wanted to."
"I suppose it depends on wind, the condition of the harness, and how quickly the arm can move around. I can see a bad time coming if that worker turns into a rag doll. But, it's Russia... they've probably been doing it that way for generations."
Hey dude thats fucking cool.
no i shouldnt have to. this sub is cancer.
"honestly, i don't understand why people still hate on her. she's definitely improved, and she's not shoving OCs at all. She simply wants to show her work"
Have you been in a coma
"Dear America: if you think Bernie Sanders could have won, take a look at Jeremy Corbyn"
"Treatment of sex assault victim condemned after lawyers quiz her on defendant's penis size: Alexander Wagar is facing a retrial for accusations of raping a woman, now 24, in a bathroom after flashing people at a 2011 house party in Calgary, Alberta"
Scissors (idea) We have keys for handcuffs so why not scissors for cable ties? Maybe make it so that anybody can let somebody in cable ties out with scissors instead of just the person who put them on.
The last heterosexual in Universe C
Man gets ambushed for wearing a #buildthewall shirt.
"How do you know this? Maybe it was Rekkles, maybe it was Spirit or Gamsu. Deilor says multiple persons had attitude problems on the team. There is no way of knowing this or in general knowing what happened inside Fnatic this year. Nobody came out and told the story yet. But surely that doesnt keep reddit from wildly speculating and pointing fingers."
No one actually says that right? And why would it make a difference if someone voted third party vs not voting?
"My insurance premium rose up by 550%, i'm pretty sure obamacare is awesome..."
Someone has stock in Comcast.
And in ice success is irrelevant?
ITT Tech Is Officially Closing
"Hmmmm idk. I'd say Juve, Inter or City. First two because he is perfect for Italian football (have a feeling that Inter with JM's success will look to get more player from Portugal, and specifically Sporting), and City over United because he'd fit Guardiola's play style far better than Mourinho's (which is basically fast transitions, which is William's weakness). Also don't think City have any exceptional pure defensive mids"
My bike was stolen today. Thanks trump
"In this thread I softbeg and sell things. JK, i have 13 shit games to giveaway, just throw a comment down and ill randomly pick 13 (unlucky) winners."
What if they combine F-Zero and Mario Kart?
Boris Johnson: 'strong' evidence Russia carried out strike on UN convoy in Syria | World news
I miss Community
BUY MY BEARD!
"Honestly I think the best tactic to combat the protests to this movie is digital distribution. Start selling downloadable copies of the movie and let word of mouth run its course while still trying to get it screened in public spaces. Or maybe a paid stream option. Like pay $5 and you get to watch it as much as you want for 24hr. Point being this movie needs more distribution methods than just these public screenings because those screenings are under attack and antiMRAs are currently thriving on the fact that its very difficult to watch it. It allows them to spread outright lies about it because its so hard to watch the movie and provide a counter argument. Nothing would shut that shit down faster than, ""No it's not and here are clips of the actual movie to prove it."" or ""Show me where that happens in the movie.""."
"Between stuff like this and food in restaurants, I really wish it was socially acceptable to take other people's leftovers. I've never seen someone spit on their food on their way out, but often leave perfectly good food... why can't I just take it?!"
"Since when did the entire genital area become the ""vagina"" anyway?"
If you are not a criminal then you don't need to feet the police.
Are there any good competitive sports games on PC besides Fifa? What about football? What about Hockey? Steam is barren with sports games besides NBA 2k.
I've broken my leg twice. Should everyone just remove their legs?
NiP Saving Cache for the Major
That argument is complete bullshit. Based on what are you assuming that k0nfig had more impact?
What is the worst thing about the vehicle you currently drive?
Iggy is black
"If I had to elect 5 tracks as the ""wave official tracks this would be top among them"
this is amazing i will finally be able to buy green beans :))
"A brilliant scheme, I need to try this."
"If you feel the urge to comment on a headline, and I know you did, read the article first."
Iraqi Abrams tank got an ATGM hit and the crew survived. North-Mosul 10/11/2016
"checkmate, atheists Also, Democrats don't ""run"" the candidates, the voters voted for her. Even if the DNC was neutral she still would have won, something that BernieBros refuse to believe"
"I wish this was block from new people joining already have 116,300 subscribes how many are LE or nubs that fuck around think they know shit after watching Dope or hearing about Ross case on TV...."
~~Flowcharts~~ ~~Vending Machines~~ Paperclips Where do we go from here?
So 71% of doctors are racist and misogynist apparently.
Trump Says He Didn't Call Climate Change A Hoax
I have this weird feeling that we are the only ones keeping these pageants afloat Or the ones who cares about it the most
"CVLIFE: 6-9"" Bipod $19.45 (free ship w/ Amazon Prime)"
Protest blocks hospital exit in Minnesota. I regret voting Hillary. This is NOT democracy.
Never accept those. They are broken and do nothing but take every other player in the session off your radar.
Pixelmon is a shitty mod. I play Lycanite's Mobs.
No Teddy Boy or Haunted House or Mappy Land or Choplifter. I'm old
Soooo...most reliable third party ticket sites?
Canned Bacon
Damn
A place to hide your secrets (Japanese design)
Thank you. Either everyone must join or the costs will be absurd.
I noticed during the meeting with Obama he looked slightly shell shocked. Left me wondering if that's why he kept saying Obama was a good man. Like maybe he found out some of the biggest secrets/threats and is like well crap maybe you are a good president
"Colorado is the fifth Pac-12 South team to make the Pac-12 championship. Utah the lone team to never make it. 2011, 2012: UCLA 2013: ASU 2014: Arizona 2015: USC 2016: Colorado Should be noted that the South team has never won the Pac-12 title game either."
Make this digital please :(
"No, I'm not. I'm disrespecting the art. I don't think that they're a piece of shit, and I never insinuated that or any insulting thing about the creator. But the content is shit."
"Last year I recall it was EU trash talking everyone, no need to play the victim. That being said, I think its a little ridiculous how much emphasis is placed on the results of MSI. I imagine most of the EU teams will do fine."
"I had a wicked looking boil behind my ear one time. It swelled to the point my ear was sticking out almost 90degrees from my head. It hurt so bad, I got an Exacto knife and stabbed it. The first time I stuck it in, I almost passed out. The second time, it broke thru and all the puss erupted out. After I squeezed all that out, it bled like hell for a while. It healed up nicely in a few days. My wife is a RN so she kept it cleaned and bandaged. If I can cut myself open, I think I could do it to someone else if there was no other option."
What do they intend to do? As in plant malware? Expose names? Wala bang law against cyber harassment?
In what cases are the amateur versions better than the professional?
"Who's the most popular player among your fanbase who was only on your team for one season? I was just thinking that if he doesn't come back next year, it's kind of funny how popular Mike Napoli would be despite only having been on the Indians for one season. Who's your team's Mike Napoli?"
"Look reddit, these kind of guys roam in the metro with a 500-bit DAC, a mini size amp and a briefcase full of 18650's /exaggerated"
"$50 gift card for my birthday, what should I spend it on? I am an 20F and I received an Amazon gift card for my birthday. Instead of spending it on dog food or scrubs for work, I am forcing myself to buy myself something nice. What should I buy? I am a very girly girl and am willing to spend $30-40 extra."
Sorry. Not sorry
"It would TOTALLY suck if this was a just *butt tweet*, while his phone is in his back pocket!"
0.50 exactly
If people were make assumptions purely based off of your names... what would they assume?
"Sens communications on Twitter: ""#Sens HC Guy Boucher has disclosed that @MStoner61 has been diagnosed with a concussion. His progress will be evaluated daily."""
The times not writing about it at all is crazy. I wonder if Clinton will bring it up in the first debate? I would.
Darkest Timeline
And Iraq
"So what's the most interesting thing a player has done in a game? For example, in my current campaign a player has made a 'paladin of me'. His ego is so huge he has his own religion and a diplomacy of over 30 for converting people. He also managed to make the rest of the party (including a cleric of gorum) and my fire elemental sorcerer (who carries hope of godhood herself) the saints of his religion. He out diplomacied a contract demon. Seriously. The gm gave the devil a load of bonuses to his rolls and greyson the paladin still succeeded. He rolled two crits in a go and has his own church now after converting a fifth of the town that hires us, including war orphans (something he didn't have before due to travelling). The most my character did was make a magical nuke. XD"
"the star wars like lasers guns were actually tracer bullets, every fifth round or so is a tracer bullet"
Why do guys do this?! Steady texting four days in a row then all of the sudden dont respond for 12 hours
Why does this video from 2005 look like it was recorded in 1953.
"There's one who keeps begging for food outside the stores on Symonds St; at the St Paul street bus stop near UoA. But when anybody buys him food from the stores, he tries to take it back and get a refund, and gets pissed off when they won't accept it. He'll splash donated drinks on their windows and piss in their doorways and generally acts obnoxious when most people aren't watching."
Man who falls in vat of molten glass makes spectacle of self.
Sex shop employees fight off armed robber by throwing dildos at him
Is it possible to cast video to multiple chromecasts? What prevents casting video to multiple Chromecast? I was hoping to find a workaround with root.
"Good music to listen to while playing melee? Songs that get you hyped up, like Ocean Man."
Picasso's self portrait at different ages
"Wow, this really happened? I thought South Park was exaggerating with their joke about the debate, but they basically just wrote reality into the show and hardly changed anything."
So to reassure me that I can do it you tell me that it produces the same power as the largest of power lines and then a story of it blowing a man twice my size back and severely injuring him. I don't feel very assured.
rioting*
I'm really sorry man. But None of Bill Clinton's accusers have refuted their claims. I don't mind how people vote. On ideas there is always room for debate. But if you are going to vote on behavior/criminality.... don't you have the civic duty to put in the research to get the facts straight?
"What is one show that you love, even after countless rewatches?"
"More toxic playerbase than in earlier Bf series? I have been playing the Battlefield series since Battlefield 1942 religiously on almost every platform, but I have to say that I've never seen the level of toxicity as in Battlefield One. Things like EZ and calling people noobs after a close game or heated toxic shouting matches over the voip and chat were not as present in my opinion. For example, I even got shouted at over voip and kicked from the squad because I went for a bayonet change and when asked for the reason he told me I was a killwhore...and went on for three games to annoy me in chat. Maybe I am just imagining things, or maybe I am getting old. I played LoL and Mw3 for a long time, so I am quite familiar with toxicity. However, I just think it hits me more because Battlefield is truly a series close to my heart and hate to see the toxicity coming to the series. Can't remember it during the years of Battlefield."
"oh great, another way irelia falls out of meta, surprise surprise."
When you hate violence in BF1
"The definition that pops up when you Google ""pleonasms"""
And the best manure. Believe me.
"I don't know how often you venture out into the wide world but for newer toll roads they just send you a bill. And by the by, how do you think you were paying for them before? Did you think the bridge and tunnel fairy just built them for free?"
TIL Reddit is full of psychopaths
WHAT WAS THAT???
Isn't that a racist hate crime?? If it were reversed it would be plastered on every news outlet in America!
What is moral about breaking into another man's country and stealing the fruits of his labor?
F
CK is a fucking cuckold. No one cares about what he has to say.
"To be honest, his extreme international stances were all a farce to win the elections. Now that he has won them, he will move to having many 'moderate' stances."
Dude if they make you stand shore duty quarter deck watch the morning of your flight out of the Navy....that'll just be the most rediculous thing I've ever heard
Thank you benegal. You saved us from Nihalani
"while you're at it, can i have a ""save password"" option on the launcher? it gets so annoying, i mean i already logged into steam, how many passwords you want me to write?"
yeah same here are they in game skins?
Its the only game mode I wish was permanent
Melania Trump
"I got to the very end of Zork without a walkthrough, only to find out I forgot to drop the mechanical egg in the cave with the thief so the thief repairs it when you find his lair later so you can open the secret door and end the game. Missing that one step that had no indicators to do it ruined the entire game for me. I never beat Zork."
NC has the best sniper rifles IMHO
Except you have to buy scepter on slark to get it so its terrible.
Any of us could be dead in 3 years
There's absolutely no need for OOP in this project and would be more confusing than helpful
"This is...normal in politics. Remember in 2008 when Michelle Obama said ""If you can't run your household, you certainly can't run the white house""?"
"Be careful saying that we know the opponent's plays, ESPN might make a headline out of it!"
Gretchin Test Scheme
"ESPN College Gameday Show Thread If you want a little ting in your tang tang, you can discuss and post anything related to the show (signs, screencaps, videos, etc) here."
Hillary sold 20% of our uranium reserves to russia but thats ok because shes a democrat.
I JUST CAUGHT A DITTO! It was 200 something CP Rattata! HOLY SMOKES
"Air China's in-flight magazine in racism storm warning tourists over 'Indian, Pakistani and black parts of London'"
Scissors (idea) We have keys for handcuffs so why not scissors for cable ties? Maybe make it so that anybody can let somebody in cable ties out with scissors instead of just the person who put them on.
You are going to have a REALLY bad time
"Does Trump masturbate to a life time of those pictures of the Men he defeated, glued to the wall, in a secret-bunker? That's what I heard."
"How to have a long and amazing roll Any tips on how to do this? I've only rolled once, it was about 3 hours long and I wish it lasted longer. How do I make it longer and better (if possible, it was really great)"
Do they ship in Eu though?
"The gatewatch are called to Kaladesh to protect an invention fair from trouble making rebels. Turns out Chandra's mum is not dead (unlike her dad :c. ) and is the rebel leader. Before chandra can reunite the mom us captured by Tezzert who is now the head judge. Chandra gets angry and tries to find and free her. but she and Nisa are captured by Baral (the person who killed her father). Ajanji turns up and saves them. Meanwhile Tezzeret challenges Chandra's mum to a duel and tries to kill her. Chandra arrives to save her, gets overwhelmed, jace turns up to save Chandra. Tezzeret runs away. While the fight was going on his lackeys were conficating all the inventions to make ""something"". That is the broad strokes"
"Reddit is CENSORING the James O'Keefe Video, #63 on front page 2 hours ago with 6580 UPVOTES WTF"
I'll probably try again this week. I guess this was a good practice. Good luck to you too!
"yea, but the earth is overpopulated anyway.....I think its finally getting tired of us."
Well either way she's going to be president. I guess we'll see how she did in about 20-40 years.
Got a nice upgrade for my cakeday
Is this good?
Not sure if this is racist
*lol
Shit AJ was getting chants during other people's matches
"Don't put Michigan in the playoffs. Fuck that. I want them to be there. I want it so bad. I cried after Ohio beat them. But don't fucking put them in the playoff. Why do you even play the games if you're gonna award based on *perception*? Yeah, Michigan is a better team than either of the two teams in the B1G Championship Game. So what? The 07 Pats were a better team than the Giants that year, but we didn't award them the Lombardi based on the idea that they only lost because of a fluky play. So don't fucking put Michigan in the playoff. Otherwise, what's the point?"
"It bothers me that it doesn't show him getting free. Not because he is scared, but because he is stuck, and stuck things should be un-stuck."
Judge orders door-to-door water delivery for Flint residents
Any improvement and upgrade suggestions please. I have roughly 50k to spend?
ahh
"Probably not, but I'd at least like him to acknowledge that literally everybody else who played/coached/knows/writes rugby believe he's wrong. I mean, the SA team for saturday was just announced. No Marx, no Cassiem, no RJVR, no Du Preez, no Ulengo, but we have Habana Strauss and Alberts. This is supposed to be the easy game on tour where we could give the young guys experience without throwing them in at the deep end. This was common consensus when the squad was announced, we need to build. But AC has yet again done whatever he wants regardless of everybody else's opinion. Now as a bok coach I know you can't sway to everybody's whim, but he's being unnecessarily stubborn about player selection and playing style, and it's costing us dearly"
I Feel Like I'm Taking Crazy Pills
"Great, I might actually buy the game now."
"You do, it's in your mouth"
An alliance between the British and Americans against totalitarian Germans who control continental Europe... I can't quite put my finger on it but that reminds me of something. I also remember one side winning!
I highly suggest you speak to a Copt or an Assyrian some time in the future.
Then don't play her.
"I wouldn't be surprised if they were ESEA players that got hit by rank decay, then played with their friends."
"C16 came with the cards stuck together, had to peel them off each other"
Awesome Find! Where is store located?
Planes crashing into buildings seem pretty historical
Thinking about touching myself
Hope. Change. Lies. Barrack Obama is a terrible president and will go down as one of the worst presidents in American history.
"En dan kan je daarna gelijk een chemo kuurtje bij de dokter halen denk ik. Maar het is wel makkelijker, dat dan weer wel."
it's just petty. why go thru so much thought to analyze a one letter typo
"Cyborg has pulled out of multiple fights with ""injuries"" when she couldn't make weight. December 2014 she pulled out of an Invicta fight. Michelle Waterson stepped in on short notice and almost died making weight, the doctor couldn't find her pulse for 1 hour after weigh ins. Michelle lost her fight unsurprisingly. Then there is the time Cyborg modified a weight scale and was caught. Let's not hold up that lying cheater as an example of weight cutting goals."
The youtube comments are always interesting
Let me guess.....It's just weeks away!
We shouldn't give turkey shit unless they stop occupying Kurdistan
Everything that has lots of peggy on it
"south-of-spain language the literal translation ""You have a big yellow of the big cup dude"""
Christie Basically Confirms He Won't Be In Cabinet
"Nah, I'd rather go for gold, rew."
After they latch on their body and brain withers away until they are reduced to a pair of testicles
"Death Race Just copy the stuff from the movie, I wanted that. Even better if they can make the truck. (The battleship thingy made by the warden)"
so I guess this will be a thing now in trump's america
"I've also worked with several ex-McDonald's managers and they were very good, but that was in retail, I wouldn't expect someone who had worked as a manger in a fast food restaurant to be particularly brilliant at web developing."
Ausgezeichnet.
"Seconded, this might be my favorite album from them and I would love to have something other than the CD. Most beautiful artwork they've made."
"Bernie Sanders betrayed his supporters and the progressive cause he championed the moment he endorsed Hillary Clinton, even after it was shown that the primary had been rigged against him by Clinton forces from the beginning. He not only endorsed her, he campaigned for her and against third parties. Had he been a true progressive, he would have accepted Jill's invitation to join forces with her and run on a truly progressive platform - that could have won a plurality of votes. And now he wants to ""save"" the Party that denied him the nomination and that now is in a shambles. What a waste. We need to build a new progressive movement outside the duopoly and be wary of ""leaders"" who can be so easily co-opted as Sanders was. He is an Independent in name only - he is really a committed Democrat, committed to a Party that has no credibility and no future."
ngl he looks like will ferrell here.
Al Gore is a joke to Trump voters. He's the crazy guy who claimed to invent pants and then made some incredibly one sided exploitation documentary that liberal elites went crazy over. Seriously though I think Al Gore is a hero and when I bring him up around conservative friends I get laughed at and they just make jokes for about 5 minutes and then I never bring up Al Gore again.
What about Slayer and Hunter? Don't you think those should be Slaying and Hunting?
I get it. It's just old and played out.
What would your reaction be if Trump wins in November?
My First Attempt at Cutting Boards...
Stephen Colbert shocks South Carolina schools by funding every single teacher-requested grant
People on r/all keep saying the picture of trump holding up the lgbt flag is shopped. Here's the video.
"Lmao ""he had his laminated press pass."" Dudes (probably) carrying thousands of dollars of equipment at an event that's clearly extrajudicial, you can't be this shocked at this happening."
Devin Booker shouldn't be anywhere near that convo.
My wife told me she wanted nothing for Christmas... I'm going to get her nothing.
even if that worked im not to keen on doing it like 400 times
Sounds more like planes to me.
"Your warranty won't cover this, sir"
Trump wants to split time between DC and NY: report
"I haven't even gotten around to using it yet due to the network issues but once I get back on I'll probably use it on tough enemies like Haters and such. Since once it breaks, it's gone."
How far away were you? Were you watching the launch from the Cape or were you just in the region?
BIGGEST BATMOBILE BUG EXPLOIT EVER !!!!
How do we know it's not a single vanilla dippin' dot?
"Sell me on TF Wukong. Your Q is now stronger, everything else is weaker, and you'll only get off one spellblade proc per combo. I just don't see it."
The government might make some gotchas for you in the future.
where was you when i was in a hurry
"Brees is their offense. The yardage he puts up every year and acclaim he gets for being a great quarterback is a direct function of them doing nothing but passing the ball. Ahead, behind, win, lose; Brees is going to get his yards and they are going to have ""scrubs"" pulling down monster yardage."
Gotta love NY
Final Cut Pro not updating. I will name my next dog after you if you help. Hey all. I'm trying to update Final Cut Pro so its compatible with the current OSX on my Imac (which is current) but when I click update i'm just met with an infinite loading wheel. This is not a storage issue. Any suggestions? Thanks in advance.
His jam is on
What
Wallriding An Entire Lap Around Eichenwalde
I joined the Masterrace 4 years ago. This is my my story!
What are you guys doing for Halloween?
I feel like you're being serious and not knowing who blaze is
Should I get Microsoft or Linux?
"Who's, or who is*"
Second Dark Souls playthrough. I was reminded overconfidence is a killer.
We sometimes call ourselves physitots
Break; //Broke fatal loop
did iwata commit suicide?
Is there really anyone who thinks this is a bad thing?
It's not as much about aim anymore as long as it's decent. It's about playing smart and having great game sense. ScreaM would be the best player in the world if all it took was aim. &amp;nbsp; Flusha even said he doesn't rely on his aim to win.
"This is a rollercoaster of a card. First your opponent gives their hand away, but you have to shuffle your library to take away any organising you've done. But then, you get 3 cards. Then you can wither a creature - wait, turns out you can't! But you still get removal, which is nice."
"I can remember at my old job way back when, some of my female coworkers were shit testing me (before I knew what shit testing was) asking me why I'm not married, when will I get married etc. I told them that in the rare event that I did actually find a woman worth marrying, I would only marry her if she agreed to a prenup. Immediately my female coworkers began raising their voice saying ""What do you need a prenup for?!"" I mentioned that the divorce rate is 50% and 80% of those divorces are initiated by women, and we live in a state where the courts almost always side with women, and I've seen several of my friends get divorced, lose their house, lose custody of their kids, lose half of their possessions, and end up paying alimony to their ex-wives who are shacked up with someone else now. They all told me they wished they'd signed a prenup agreement before getting married. My female coworkers' reply was raising their voices even higher, and beginning a series of attacks against men directed at me: ""WELL IF MEN DIDN'T CHEAT SO MUCH, women wouldn't have to divorce them!"" ""IF MEN WEREN'T SO ABUSIVE all the time, women wouldn't leave them! ""If men spent more time with their WIVES, and less time with their friends women wouldn't have to sleep with other men!"" (You get the picture) This went on for the next 2 or 3 minutes until I finally walked away and went back to work. I was disturbed by the fact that they were up in arms and so upset by something hypothetical that had absolutely nothing to do with them, yet they felt it necessary to cram their bitterness for men down my throat. It only reinforced what I had started learning about TRP and made me reaffirm that I was taking the right steps towards MGTOW. Needless to say I was called into the office a few days later by my female boss, who said she was giving me a verbal warning because I had been saying sexist comments to some of my female coworkers. I told my boss that I had done no such thing, and I asked to know who thinks I've been making sexist comments towards them. She refused to tell me who and said that she had 3 witnesses that could verify what I had sad. I knew immediately then that it was the same coworkers asking me about marriage. She told me that sexist comments have no place here at work and that I was to treat all of my coworkers with respect, and if I didn't I would be giving a written warning, which could possibly lead up to termination. The next day I confronted my female coworkers and asked why they went to the boss saying I made sexists comments towards them. They said ""Because you DID!"" I said ""Bullshit! How is me not wanting to get married without a prenup sexist?"" They said that it's sexist if the man gets to keep everything and the woman gets nothing. I said ""The man doesn't keep everything, he just keeps what he came into the marriage with, and the woman gets to keep her stuff too! How is that sexist?"". They said ""If the man has more money, then it's not fair that the woman walks away with nothing and has to find a better job to support herself, and make house payments by herself, while the man gets to keep all the money."" I said ""If the man brought all the money into the marriage to begin with, then why should he have to lose any of it at ALL?"" They replied ""That marriage was about being equal, and women should get half of the stuff because they're half of the marriage, and they do things like cook, clean, raise the children etc."" I knew I was fighting a losing battle and wasn't going to change their minds, so I walked off again. Surprise, surprise I was called into the office the next day by my female boss, who said she was giving me a written warning for making a threat saying ""you better watch your back"" to my female coworkers. I told her again that I did no such thing, and that I take violence and threats very seriously. I told her I refused to sign the written warning, and if people continued to accuse me of things that I didn't do, I would be consulting with a lawyer. She said ""Fine I'll just write down here that you refused to sign the written warning, but you have been informed why you were written up, and if you are written up again in the next 6 months, you will be terminated."" You could imagine how furious I was, but I went back to my seat and didn't say another word. I could see my female coworkers out of the corner of my eye smirking at me and whispering to each other. It was at that point I began to realize why I was the only male worker there, they most certainly had run off any previous males that worked here. I went home and thought about it for a long time, and decided to put my 2-weeks notice in the very next day even though I didn't have another job lined up. Not the smartest move I know, but I thought it would be better to quit than to be fired over something I didn't do, and possibly face criminal charges from false accusations. The next several months were rough, but I'm so glad I left that job. TL;DR A long time ago some female coworkers shit-tested me about prenups, which I failed miserably, and it led to me losing my job. I also learned don't ever be the only male worker at a job, especially if your boss is female."
"A marine surprises his sister at the baseball game, pretending to be the catcher when she throws out the first pitch."
Can someone tell me why the Japanese navy chose this grid style gun sight for their dive bombers?
Manly 2017 Nines Jersey
These faux-reality commercials make me hate Chevy. They are actively convincing me *not* to buy one..
Hope she swipes right
So what's my starting salary Corsair?
Dwight is a false god The real god pizza will punish him for leading you in the wrong direction!
"oh you mean, lied..."
First Benchy! Monoprice Maker Select V2 at 0.1mm accuracy (using MatterControl for slicing)
And [[Reverberate]].
Iraqis Use 9/11 Bill to Demand Compensation from US for 2003 Invasion
You could also be a mage with the legendary helm. I get blamed when I'm not even there.
Bet the Employees Aren't Lovin' It...
"TIL that Rob McElhenney of It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia gained 60 lbs for season 7 because he ""thought it would be funny"""
is this on Netflix?
"My girlfriend's (at the time) 4 year old, was playing minecraft. She had a bunch of dogs, and she was ""feeding"" them. She was spawning cats in the pit with the dogs, hitting the cat so that it would be an enemy, and the dogs would ""eat"" the cat. She'd do this over and over again. Also, to get rid of her dogs she would put lava in the pit and kill them all."
Someone with a beater truck needs to come to the rescue.
"Trump posts message of support to Reddit, prompting massive online vote-rigging"
Wow. Mr. Christian Values right here people.
Yeah but where are the memes guys? Where is navi logo replaced with hiko's one hand? GET TO WORK
TIL that after an Orca killed a Great White Shark near California that the dead shark's carcass odor caused all nearby great whites to flee. A great white with a satellite tag in the area immediately dove to 500 meters and then swam to Hawaii.
Super low cut shirt / Nip slip (?) from snapchat
We've already been removing them if it's a repeated injury report that's been posted multiple times before.
Why does Kaspersky installs so many drivers? What is it trying to do? Take over your PC?
"Touche. Frankly, you could make an argument that even the general election is rigged, given how 90% of the media pulls for one side."
"Ugh, lost 3 Grade 4 Fighters in Floor 33-34 Not because of bosses, but because of the horrible Pork Chopper move-set. Let me Die."
"What phone are you (and family?) using? I ask because my iOS WiFi Calling experience has been night and day different (positively) from my Nexus WiFi Calling experiences and Android, in general. Anecdotally, observed similar comments online."
How are none of those canon?
0_0
Why wouldn't you post this in the real r/IAmA?
"NIF Lacazette,Benzema or IF Gameiro"
This was surprisingly effective.
So a whiskey-barrel aged coffee stout? Yes!
Clean Jaguar E-Type and friends at my local Cars and Coffee
I hope and pray he pays attention to the overwhelming evidence.
Thank God. Career politicians have been ruining our country.
Wait so I shouldn't get an Evga?
Rick Johnson Sold M&amp;Ms to Lawyers Outside the Harris County Criminal Courthouse for a Decade. Now They Want to Save His Life.
Stupid and sad. My son voted for Trump in his kindergarten class for no other reason than because he was a boy and because red is his favorite color. I didn't get mad because hes a kid.
At least Global Colo has more than 2 acceptable squads
"It's so stupid. I don't want to be actively included, i just include myself into the community. Either I see myself as part of the gaming community or I don't. Why should others make an effort for that?"
"Also, I'm almost sure that the Southern Water Tribe people were supposed to be Inuit, not Asian"
"Oh, we're never going to be in an optimized place. We're fucked. This country is done for. We're going to get a lesson in why Constitutionality, sovereignty, nationalism, statism, and democracy are all terrible things that must be done away with. This is why Trump is good for globalism."
What is his SR? We must know!
Indian Cop. Asian Cop. White Doorman. Trump is bringing all races together.
Wait he's still allowed to play after cheating?
Maybe this a huge social experiment.
sounds good in practice but it won't do much in the current state of the game. or r u planning to have a 300 speed zibrolta?
Omg one of the best runes I've got
"""Mighty Mage"" has hit crazy milestones over last month and absolutely changed my life! Wouldn't happen without YOU! To give back, I'll send free codes for all IAPs to people who leave the most creative comments (Everyone has a chance to get something - there's plenty!) - I love you, guys! =]"
They bleach them
Grey Elf Alchemist with Owlcat familiar
"Ah yes, the good old BO3 stomp where the team that lost actually got more rounds than the winner!"
NOT
"lol, you can't run a 10 year old game on max?"
My female friend sent me these screenshots after a 15 minute convo with creep.
Are you equating cancelling a concert early with beating the shit out of your girlfriend? Those acts deserve an equal amount of condemnation?
I'm with you. The date magnification thing is a huge turnoff for me. Maybe when I'm 50 I'll think differently.
"I'm sorry -___,-"
"I'm having trouble discerning where you think the ""coin toss"" occurs. Babies don't have a 50/50 chance of which scenario God will choose to apply to them. Only one of the positions is true."
I doubt it. And if you did it would only be for a very brief time. Look at all of the terrible shit that has happened this year alone and how quickly people move on from those type of events
Have you heard of Space Engine? I bet you'd like it.
What song is this?
"One bowl with 3 parts water 1 part detergent, and another bowl to rinse. There's lots of diy brush soaps online if you have more sensitive skin or are leery about using that. But my mom taught me the detergent trick when I was young, it's never failed me :)"
"You know, this would be a good comment if you were commenting on any other game. I don't think it's too far-fetched to be entitled to the very features that were promised, especially after paying for it. NMS is just a bad example, in this case."
So creating dividing lines in the Democratic Party is going to help with that?
"What do people think about possibly using the cash only discount option for other sales? I sort of like how they are doing the Polaris sale. Can either pay full price using credit or get the cash only (no credit) discount and CIG gets new money. Unfortunately I don't think the CIG store is structured to do it easily (would need 2nd SKU for everything), but would be interesting if come the Anniversary sale most the ships could either be gotten for 5-10% off if bought with new cash, otherwise full price if using any amount of credit. (note: would also have to modify the CCU system a bit - if get a $100 ship for $90, have to pay that difference in addition to normal CCU cost from one ship to another) It's basically a benefit for people who don't keep cycling their money. Granted it wouldn't help the many of us who have already pledged, but I wouldn't begrudge people this option - helps spur new pledging and the ships won't have LTI. Also the Polaris sale brings up a new interesting feature - the Unique Hull Serial ID. It would be interesting if, since this didn't exist before now, if at the time they lock the cash store near release, they then ran a script and attribute ships to our account chronologically in the order they were purchased, assigning serials as they went. Therefore someone who say got a ship early and kept it will get a lower number than one that got melted than later unmelted or was purchased later."
"PSA: if your country doesnt neighbor Russia, please dont belittle those people concerns. Thank you."
"Not technically a babysitter but for a few months I had to babysit my husband's nieces and nephews. These kids are awful. Their parents neglect them and it shows. Here are a few highlights. * I rescued a two week old kitten. Nursed him back to health and adopted him. One day while I was doing dishes, the 2 youngest kids took him outside and tried to drown him in the above ground pool. Twice. He survived. * My in-laws house was filthy and roach infested. While one of the kids was eating dinner, a roach apparently crawled across his plate, he started hysterically crying. I go to calm him down and one of the others runs into the kitchen, opens every spice she can get get hand on and dumps them all over the kitchen. * I decide I have to keep the two smaller ones with me at all times due to their antics. I put them on the kitchen counter to 'help' me cook. They actually start behaving and I thought I had found a successful method in handling them. I was wrong. One asks me a question while the other takes out glasses from the cupboard and starts smashing them on the ground. I go to stop her when the other little one starts smashing plates. * The two oldest were sisters and they *hated* each other. They get into a fight over the TV (could have been over the xbox, I can't quite remember) the older sister starts chasing after the younger sister, she eventually smashes the younger sister's fingers in the bathroom door. While the younger sister is crying, the older sister is laughing maniacally. That's just a few. There are several other stories that make me so grateful to have moved far away from them all."
"3k ap for an mos +2 3 chest run, takes 15 min"
He's decided to preserve the wetlands.
"Essentially. Except when you pay it off (after two years), you don't have to pay $26.99 any more. But in the days of contracts, your monthly ""plan"" stayed the same or even went up after two years even if you kept the same phone."
"Trench tool Anyone else have a hard time finding where to stand when using the Trench tool?? Is there a trick to using it. I dont understand why i can be standing right next to a fob, looking at it and the tool wont start undigging it"
"Because the US provides for the defense of Europe as, every time those asshats get a weapon, we end up in a world war. Better to have he US do it than risk Germany or France beating up a neighbor."
They do good stuff but Blizzard is still far ahead in my opinion
My new favorite woodturning project - boxes!
"But it's not just the environmentalists, the global scientific community is very unified in the opinion that the data is there and we should be worried about it. How do you feel about that? Fwiw, I don't like the scaremongering either, it can be counterproductive. But I think we should listen to our smartest guys on this one."
"""Everyone who disagrees with me is literally Hitler"""
"Tempest not easy to perform dude, bcs it's Left on Left stick + O to swing the great sword, directional input is like in soccer game, u have to always keep facing ur opponents directly in order to perform all the moves right."
I prefer dev don't waste their time reviewing shady software.
Fitting a large **fan** into a window and setting it on exhaust is a wonderful environmentally friendly alternative to AC. You open your other windows and a cooling breeze blows in.
IMO Studio of the Year should go to CD Projekt Red
Zamasu can't stop talking about Ningen
When your friend is sad
"It's worth noting that American IT workers, *especially* software developers, are already paid *way* more than their counterparts in other countries, even in other developed countries. My software job here in the US easily pays twice as much as an equivalent job in any EU state. We pay a *lot*. Obviously I don't mind the extra money, but most software developers aren't paid ""slave wages"". That's why the median salary is nearly $100k."
"If you got to decide the order of the races for next year, what it look like? Had to be the same tracks, if you want to go into detail then you still need to 4 week break!"
Or you could follow the link to see the trailer there.
you monster why would you do something like this?
Which is it?
"As long as it doesn't get ridiculous with the skins we get like Halo 5's fucking pizza camo, nerf guns and tron lines, then okay. I like the camouflage patterns being actually practical designs you can expect to see on a Battlefield. But yeah, more nose art wouldn't be unwelcome. An option to get rid of the black lines on Scorch or have more faction logos (Scorch doesn't have an Apex Predators nose art, for example) would be greatly appreciated."
"What about region? I was really interested in seeing how many of us were from outside the US. If it were not for the odd post, one'd think this was the US Catholicism sub."
"Reddit, what is your go to late-night album?"
"Afterburners currently consume boost/afterburner fuel, which is different than quantum fuel. We have every indication that they will continue to do so."
This is the kind of people we're up against. Logic does not work.
Maualuga playing?
"Your flair picture thing almost looks like a poorly drawn Cartman (kind of like the ""FUUUUU"" meme guy style of drawing) about to blow his load."
Act like you've been there before
Yea we've gone from glorifying the consumption of material goods to glorifying the consumption of novel experiences.
Why not? Dark comedy is a really popular category in the comedy medium.
"No, he didn't. He created the software himself with no instruction from us and brought it into work one day."
We can cut the tethers to the rest of the world. They are literally dragging us down.
Facebook.
That *is* winning.
Humphries scored 23 on 5-8 from 3pt against us in November.
Im glad that piece o shit dieded.. now hes gods problem
"But I have David Johnson, Murray and Melvin so he has to do work on my bench there's no other way"
some of it may also be a rejection of liberals treating them like they are stupid simpletons
"I saw a commercial against marijuana legalization, and the defense was, ""Congress or the governor can't overturn this if it becomes legal and marijuana is shown to be harmful."" As a Floridian, I am happy that Republicans wouldn't be able to overturn this law."
I love buying apples from a random door to door apple salesman.
I secretly wish this would happen to me so I can get expensive stuff for free &lt;.&lt;
Why the hell would I pay for something that is 50% ads?
"I've been up to my ass in real life work, but it's been too long since a pepe blessing. If we win this game my pepe ass will be in Indy no doubt next week."
"No, someone will still pay a ridiculous amount for Jimmy G."
"I don't know where I am, but they have giant fucking bugs there"
4.0 New job sprites ?
Don't do the untradable ones!
"Let's Talk Mercury Alright PCMR, this is the 21st century and we're still using lame WATER for cooling our computers. I say it's time to step it up to mercury which has a much higher thermal conductivity, more than 12 times the thermal conductivity of water. Who is with me?"
"Which is funny cause as middle Eastern women go, she's not crazy hot"
I'm Tired of Good White People | GQ
Stay safe and God bless you!
What aspect of gaming in the 90s that's no longer around nowadays brings back vivid memories?
More white washing. Stupid.
I honestly don't know what the answers to fix this team are...but I do know that we can not waste having Rodgers as our quarterback for the next few years.
"""j"""
Boot Failure troubleshooting flowchart
"My late Grandpa, Sgt Paul ""Pip"" Ingle of the British 8th Army Signal Corp had endured years in Africa, Sicily and Italy when Lady Astor labelled him and the 8th Army ""D-day Dodgers"". This is one rendition of the song they adopted in response."
"Nico ""second is good enough"" Rosberg."
"I love heavy metal, the movie it was based on when I ccaught it on tv. I went to rewatch it after south park did that episode. Shit sucked hard, lol. Funny though."
It's in the preview.
Anything but R O B O T B O Y
I doubt that. The car is most likely already built around a design philosophy of the 2016 engine.
Where's your favorite brunch spot in Calgary? Any recommendations? Looking for a nice spot with decadent food.
"~4.5m Diplos, which roam everywhere on Drogadur NO425. Coordinates 0469:0081:0D6D:0211"
cry more libtards
What does government do better than the private sector?
no hes not
His name is badass too. He's merciless against those QBs.
"About half of the Eldar and Dark Eldar, special mentions to Lady Malys and Lelith Hesperax. Commander Shadowsun, all of the Living Saints, Tervigons, possibly the Hive Mind"
"For future reference, I'm pretty sure other people physically can't add [DE] to their name. I'm not sure if brackets are usable at all, for that matter. Probably not since in general use that'd cause problems with it trying to turn it into an item link."
Are you sure? It's up for me.
"Target anger Was shopping at target at christmas a few years ago after I'd finished my shift at a very large australian sports store. Our uniforms were black and the back of them had the website of the store written in MASSIVE letters for advertising. Target uniforms always have been and always will be red. In the toy section picking out board games for our nieces for christmas this horrible woman comes over taps mw on the shoulders quite hard and demands I tell her where the underpants are of all things. Told her 6 f***ing times that I don't work here so she started screaming like a banshee that I should lose my job and went to get ""my manager"". Needless to say the store manager came over to see who was providing terrible customer service and absolutely lost it laughing when she saw me. Lady still couldn't take the hont though that I didn't work there... some people."
I'm pretty sure that Trump's administration won't give a single fuck about web petitions.
Just excited about SM here
It's probably the funnest quest of the four.
WASTE OF MONEY
"Where did Rick get his knowledge of science from? Rick has frequently expressed a strong distaste for institutional education, so where did he learn so much about science and technology?"
"Okay but once again, how did that make it worse? You didn't actually answer the question. You just avoided it. The other guy couldn't read his mind. Not to mention he reacted just fine."
Probably the most underrated TFB song
I've never heard someone say that it's too early to eat
"Paul Joseph Watson: ""BBC &amp; CNN are refusing to show footage of Cubans celebrating Castro's death, calling him a ""revolutionary leader"" not a dictator. Shameful."""
"2016 Week 10 Game Thread: Pittsburgh Steelers(4-4) Vs. Dallas Cowboys(7-1) Please Remember: ##**Leave all opinions/thoughts inside of this thread. Anything that isn't newsworthy posted outside of this thread during the game will be removed.** Don't be rude. We're all here to watch the game. Do not troll the other sub's game thread/post game thread. We will be notified and we will take necessary steps after that. If you see someone in here trolling, feel free to file a report and we will take care of it. Thank you and enjoy the game."
"10 Words That Will Make You Sound Smarter at Work | caustic, idiosyncrasy, paradoxical, beleaguer, exacerbate, didactic, innocuous, parsimonious, bloviate and aplomb"
"This. Everybody is WT is a better shot than anybody is in real life, its just part of it being a game."
"Wrel Please When you build a base that you want to use to actually hold off a push, haveing what amounts to a giant bomb inside it doesn't help its longevity."
Maddox discusses truth
What little thing makes you the most happy?
Begs the question why Artie is going 1 on 1 with dez with no OTT help
"Well, assimilation has to be a two way street, you cannot assimilate into a culture that actively rejects you."
"Ok, so seriously where can I sign up to be paid to protest? I already talk shit about trump by just remembering his history accurately, so i might as well get paid for it on top of my regular wages (and CTR money, obviously)"
Milwaukee elections chief: Voter ID law hurt the city's turnout
I love you
"Wife got me tickets to see my first pro game!! The game is the 8th in Pittsburgh, what should I know before we go to it? How's the parking, etc. I've never been to a pro game before, let alone in a stadium as large as that one, so I'm a bit anxious!"
"Seems accurate (except, it literally isn't rocket science)"
"Simply put, I don't want to play BYU ever again. That was *too much*."
"This is fairly typical of China. They also decided that they own every body of water adjacent to China, all the way up to other nation's shores."
"It seems like everyone ignores the elephant in the room. Frequently cuddling with someone, and especially if you're an FA, is gonna make you attached to them; OP will develop intense feelings and will continuously despair at the thought that she'll never love him back. This is like the road to becoming georgemitch or something."
"I never did figure it out. It had to do with how closely related you are (more closely related = +1), how old they are (elder = +1), some combination of family ties (feuding = -1), how long ago it's been since you've seen them (longer = +1), and the ""Mediterranean constant"" (amount makeup/weather * baklava^2). Sorry, I got carried away. The better answer is - I have no idea."
I am ready for making some fun in shower!OMG
"I think it's break time for me. I was the M56 that didn't have a chance against this guy. It sucks having to flank so hard and work for your kills, and have no chance against a cheater. I couldn't even get away from him. Cheaters are compounding my already saltiness, and with open and notorious cheaters like X_H and OntheRocks *still* out there, I know this guy will probably be around forever. Even if I could complain about him, which I can't because the complain function is still broken. What's funny is I've had $60 I've been waiting to spend during the big sale, so instead I'm DLing Civ 6 right now. Gaijin isn't getting another dime from me until X_H, OntheRocks and this guy is banned. Sorry for all the salt guys. I hate to see a game I love ruined by devs who won't ban open and obvious cheaters."
"A lawyer friend who has read all the info on that case told me it was like a textbook on how to lose a case by pissing off a jury. Like at one point the McD's lawyers were arguing the monetary value of her vagina, considering her age and how much theoretical use she could expect from it."
Trump suggests women 'go to another state' for abortions
Tony Hawk's American Wasteland didn't make a lot of sense
I felt like he should have been looking for Walt.
But will you vote democrat? That is the question.
Cry Baby Michael Rivers
"Hey guys, I heard some noises coming from inside my build, so I opened it up. Can anyone help me out here?"
"Andreas M. Antonopoulos talks about Bitcoin, free speech ant the metric system."
Breach of privacy
"Wait, didn't he say ""Fe fi fo fum. I smell the blood of an Englishman""? That sounds like a simple observation rather than a threat. Perhaps he was happy to have some company for a change."
When you need to take a break from gaming and decide to install extra software
Nintendo could stand to enrich its character roster by adding Big Samus alongside Zero-suit Samus.
Make the bathroom great again
"""John Sousa, who is a teacher and golf coach..."" And after reading that, things make sense."
No
me irl
BRING IN THE SALT! *IMT is cheating *i dont care because we won ESL *they are qualified so they're saving strats *jetlag
"REM and Collab both work, PAL doesn't."
Don't think they make lighter Prism scopes for the most part. I've been looking for 'em since I have an astigmatism as well. Lightest I've seen is the Vortex Spitfire 1x at 11.2 ounces which is with mount and battery in it.
I thought the same- the dog was the other host. Why would Ford have himself appear as unregistered?
Trump's Pennsylvania lead shrinks as counties wrap up counts
"Ministry Of Corporate Affairs website wont allow entering without clicking ""I Pledge to Create a Cashless and Digital India"" button"
"What is movie where the main character is not ""The chosen one""?"
"People are donating under their own name but putting Pence in the ""in honor of"" box so he gets a certificate recognizing the gift but doesn't actually get credit for the gift."
"I turned off the updates so it's still running on an old version. The update crashes even on my 6. So I'll use it as long as I can on the 4. Not sure what else it'll be good for after that. (Paperweight, kids iPod, target practice)"
It would be cool if Pummel generated some rage. I thought it was a good design choice for DH.
"Uh, didn't the police say that she made it all up and none of it actually happened?"
So Cincinnati plays UM in Ann Arbor next year........Triggered...
"Nah man, haven't you heard? The libertarians say competition between private insurance companies will drive prices down and help you in the long run!! Ahahahahahahahahahaha"
"That's shallow as a plate of milk man, I'd never go out with a girl that would reject a guy just because he's short."
"@realDonaldTrump: Wow, @CNN Town Hall questions were given to Crooked Hillary Clinton in advance of big debates against Bernie Sanders. Hillary &amp; CNN FRAUD!"
Found someone wearing a Sealand flag in New Delhi
"Sorry for the double post, but what do you think the chances for getting a full card in the conjuring stone is? Is it greater than the standard diamond summon?"
Vault gives Wardens rep not Violet Hold.
*beep* this is your automated typo alert. Fix yo shit dude. *beep* message end.
"Well as a shotgunner, what else would you use in an exotic slot that's even important? If you can hit most of your head shots then it's 100% better than matador/PC+1. It's more accessible than the other shotguns aswell. I agree with you on the ammo part though, chaperone may need more ammo as a base because you may need to use two shots to kill if you miss the headshot(which, by the way, it's REALLY easy to hit a headshot with this gun)."
4l DD Elementalist Shaper Kill - No Grand Spectrums
Did you hear the shocking news about Yahoo this morning? Apparently they still have 500 million users.
It's thoughts like that that lead to people killing people. 'Because they deserve it'
Dog for sale
"The moogle is VERY much worth for 35k. Majority of the things in this shop is worth for this event, only exception is 15% MAG for 70k, thats just atrocious AF. Otherwise, yes moogle is very worth. This is coming from someone who has bought everything(but 15% MAG) in the shop and finished with this cancerous event. Brb, going to sell my 3 serias. Never want to see these BF units ever again."
What Canadian city is this?
Did he really say no announcement at this time of night?
Switch and don't tell them and then at the end of your undergrad pretend to be shocked like it's some mistake
FIX Shop
This is going to sound vicious but I honestly hope it breaks him. We see presidents go in young men and come out grey. It's a tough job and I hope it breaks him.
"In a shocking turn of events, ____ is ranked 1st on MIOM this year"
China threatens to cut sales of iPhones and US cars if 'naive' Trump pursues trade war
"Again. We have elections literally every year now. And this is absolutely pointless, he's going to run for PM again and he's going to win again and we just wasted millions on another pointless election."
And just how many times a month do you drink? And how many drinks in one night do you have?
Spoiler alert: They'll tell him to lawyer up and divorce her.
New patch. eta? IS there an eta for new patch?
"So the double reed is OK in church, but not the single reed. Got it."
First world problems #God #Priorities
"""Make her mindgasm on the tongue of your intelligence"""
"So, the right lowered the bar and now the left can get as low as it wants ?"
How is this filmed? Gif is amazing btw
Please be here. These days very few people make logical and meaningful arguments on this subreddit. It is good to see some actual discussion going on!
Never Forget AIDS Skrillex
i have 126 hours on fnaf world... do i win?
"you guys have so much talent, when are you guys going to start winning?"
Marshall Plumlee looks like trash. The game doesn't even have all the rookies like where's Jackson from the Celtics??
"I can't find a definition of ""pocket pick"" that exists outside of LOL, though. I'm aware of the term ""pocket pair"" in poker, which obviously has ""secretive"" connotations, but I'm not even sure how the League term is (or could be) related to this at all. As far as I can tell, ""pocket pick"" is a term found only in LOL, and means ""a favourite, go-to champ""."
If Palpatine is so powerful that he can cloud the minds of the entire jedi council then maybe he just deserves to take over the galaxy
Yay! Our oline missed the cut for once.
"Muslim Women on Fox just now: ""I voted for Trump because I'm worried about radical islamic terror"""
Can we legitimately put some blame on him? I've watched closely on the All-22 since last year. He flat out isn't throwing to open WRs. This whole separation garbage is ridiculous. If Cobb/Nelson/Adams isn't good enough for a HOF QB...
Evans compared to his totw. Not worth 90 tickets
I like how half the people on this sub think typing out the in game quick chats as comments is witty or comedic.
"That Moto2 race was fantastic, one of the best races in motorsport! What was Zarco doing putting his boot down during braking though? Several times I saw smoke coming from his boot!"
Post your 3 most mastered champions and let others describe you. Thought it was fun last time it occurred.
Even more for the MLS in the middle of the playoffs. I wish the MLS would make an adjustment.
"Nor should he. If his vote matches the views of his district, then yes, it does represent part of Oregon and he is doing his job. It's a tough thing to realize not everyone thinks the same way. Change the people's minds and the representatives should follow, otherwise you are just pushing for a different set of groups to lose their voice."
"I'm sorry, but there's nothing wrong with being intolerant of people's intolerance."
When the shirt you ordered last month arrives but it just doesn't feel the same
"That's not what he fucking said; he reminded the reporter about the First Amendment, said he understands why people are protesting and summarized what he believes to be their message. If the media wants to restore the tatters of what reputation it has left it needs to stop putting words in peoples' mouths."
"thats not how income tax works, federal funding works exactly how I describe it. Explain to me how you are going to get CEO's to break federal law."
So many Hawk pilots here... You all make me so jealous.
"Reddit, what was the biggest sexual scandal at your school?"
"Try heading out to Portland some time, bearded hipsters are still going strong."
Did you look at the link I posted?
What are the hardest dps classes to play right now? I know legion prunned a lot of classes but I want to know which one you guys consider the hardest to play. Having a shadow priest I know they are the most unforgiving so exlude them.
"There could be situation where Na`Vi and NiP both have to lose round. Example: 1st map Na`Vi - NiP 13-16 Round diff. for Na`Vi is -4, for NiP is 1. 2nd map, Na'Vi - NiP 15-14. If Na`Vi wins 30th round then round diff. for Na'Vi is -2, for NiP is -1. NiP goes to play-offs. So, Na`Vi will have to lose 30th round to win in OT 19-15/22-18/25-21/etc. Unless win in OT counts as win with score 15-15."
Raging progressive here: PC culture is poisonous. Its main function is to suppress speech and thought. It's as poisonous as racism.
"He was called ""one of those white boy trump supporters"" by the attacker. Linked by op above."
Then you send her the entirety of Moby Dick via text message
"Hillary Clinton was reportedly going to be crowned queen, too. The entire media establishment was insanely wrong about everything this election, but sure, let's all continue to give them our blind faith and trust."
Just 10-15 minutes of silence every show. Please.
Did isee you on the jumbotron?
A Friend completely maxes his total level for a total of $15.300.
"I need a friend or 2 Hey. I played Starbound quite a while back when it was still in beta. I'm getting back into it, just started a fresh toon recently. I'm looking for a friend or 2 to play with. Just on default settings, no custom servers thanks. My Steam name is Dangg with a green picture of the 'yee' smiling lizard. Cheers!"
Super low-fi Roguelite FPS: COMPOUND Ver. 0.0.2 (Download link in comments)
"this should be the way on all of those non sell-able aghs heros, shit spirit, ancient fucker, geofeeder, water nuker, dagon bug, ogre mcgee, timbro, treeman and snowball punch guy"
What was the most obvious case of product placement you've seen in TV show / Movie?
Most efficient way to walk your buddy
"I mean, he didn't write the article he just shared it exactly as written"
I too want to ride around with a blonde human doll as my pillion
It's a shame he wasn't electable.
"Cute, but I grew up by the ocean, and seals can mess you up."
what's next? playing Sombra with a computer?
Big Brother US18 - Episode Post-Discussion - September 07 2016 Discuss the aftermath of Wednesday's episode here!
"Do we currently live in a world where starting both DWill and Bell is justified? Say you have a horrible BYE week, 3 bench spots and you don't want to lose DWill. Is there any universe where it's acceptable to start both? Bell did great last week, DWill still got a TD."
"Yes, money will quite literally fix this problem."
Funny how for some events you need to be rather good to qualify but for 3BLD it's 10 minutes!
"Maybe they can pray to Jesus that money will just magically appear to cover the costs to taxpayers and the moral degeneracy and anger that it causes when we have to pay for these mistakes. Of course they want to prevent it by infecting our brains with the notion of gods and they think it'll fix things. Been there, it didn't fix anything, it just made me a worse person. Society would be much better if we turned to rationalism."
"Diamond head is a great hike, from the top you can see Waikiki beach aswell as a huge chunk of Honolulu. The hike itself isn't too hard thousands of regular people do it every year, would of been a real shame to miss out on the beauty Hawaii has to offer."
"Monument EP, Fear Is Fleeting, Matches (The Remixes), Alone (The Remixes), Come To Light, Hollow Mind, My Prayers Have Become Ghosts, Summer Feels, Love &amp; Hate, New Age Dark Age(it's free to download anyway). The most duplicates I got was Matches (The Remixes), I had like 5 extra codes for that"
"That's exactly why i'm kind of calling it ""bullshit"". Nothing against you though. That audio illusion is also perfect with earbuds, if something is all in your left ear it will be all in your left ear. All ""soundstage"" creates is a more natural feel for the instruments. It doesn't help point where the instruments are located. But what truly gives that wide feel is how the track was mixed : Panning and everything."
Good looking numbers on the z4m. Yours?
I just paid 335 for a plumbing code book and textbook
"""pop star buys presidency"""
Me irl
"You need to be more clear. Coinbase has an online wallet. You just said ""wallet"" which could be either."
Bernie Sanders Warns Trump: Young People Want Earth To Be Habitable For Their Kids
"I'd fall into camp 1. However what you've excluded in your reason is the third party here. This was covered by Henry Hazlitt originally. But I haven't seen it mentioned anywhere else here. With the coming of machines a massive supply of cheap labor, this will create bidding wars among corporations (Assuming they're operating in a free market) which will in turn drive down prices on the products themselves. This won't be instantaneous, but only after the corporations regain the capital spend on converting to machine labor. The savings on labor will eventually be passed onto the consumer. This consumer who used to pay $1000 to his tax accountant can now get the exact same work done for $25, and in a tenth of the time. All of a sudden he's got $975 that he's free to spend on other products or services, which in turn may employ more machines, or more people. The other great fallacy that hasn't been addressed (and most of the comments in this thread seem to pivot on)- There is no cap on productivity. There is a cap on employment; and that's 100%. But as we develop greater technologies that enable us to do more of the things we do and at faster speeds than what we used to do- net productivity is increased and the net wealth of the world is increased. Let's say the machines truly do corner the manual and services industry. They're not only working our fields, they're managing it. They're our lawyers, stock brokers, accountants, historians, scientists, programmers, etc. This won't leave the world of humans unemployed. We'll be looking at the greatest boom in niche markets, the likes of which we've never seen. We'll be freed up to become painters, filmmakers, story tellers, musicians, sculptors. Free of menial labor, mankind's creativity will be unleashed. When machines put people out of work, I personally look at it as a GOOD thing. Not in the short term. I'm sure it sucks not knowing how you're going to feed your family, and my heart goes out to anyone in, or who has ever been in that position. But in the long term, in the greater scope of humanity; the world is better off. We're on the verge of the greatest revolution of mankind. Not only a machine revolution; a cultural revolution. Every individual will be free to follow their own dreams and aspirations, where creativity knows no limits."
"If you hold the humorous speech competition and table topics competition at the same meeting, do you have two separate contest chairs? I'm guessing clubs usually have one contest chair for both competitions, but would it be reasonably normal to have two separate contest chairs for humorous speech and table topics separately? If I'm a contestant for the humorous speech competition, can I be the contest chair for the table topics contest? I'm trying to compete as well as get CL credit for being contest chair."
This seagull has a yellow tummy from running through the flowers to catch bugs.
You got to use the clap method when checking on the syllables. I'm 26 years old and still count them out like a second grader.
"We see these over-zealous idiot animal rights activists attacking a symptom of the fur market, people wearing fur, but outside of protesting in grocery stores by shouting and covering themselves in blood, do they actually try and lobby businesses to change?"
"Woah, I just making a joke man. Obviously I'm not defending or encouraging drunk driving."
"Kanye West just yelled out make ""America great again!"" during his concert tonight, then was booed so he laughed and cancelled the concert after less than 30 minutes. Holy shit. People are raiding merchandise. He called out Zuckerberg and media saying they were corrupt and controlling the narrative."
Vox goes full retard.
I can't tell if you're serious.
"Legalize it for clinical research so we can cut the problem off at it's roots, stop prescribing opiates as pain medication for a toothache, stop treating people who are sick with an addiction problem like they are criminals. Increasing border security is not a solution to this issue. They will always find a way, else the dealers will find a new supplier to match their needs."
"I don't really blame Bud Light for being so aggressive on the sponsorship, either. If I was paying 50 grand for something like this, I'd be putting my name everywhere too."
Wasn't sure that was possible with regular breaths.
"If this is a serious question, it's because I'm a dating coach and I want to understand the types of thinking patterns and beliefs of incels so I can be a better coach."
"I can't comprehend how there can be any Trump voters left that see this and don't say ""oh shit, we fucked up, we fucked up bad."""
"Unions are a good thing, but so is right to work. It's unconstitutional to force someone to join a union. Public schools are also a good thing, but so is school choice. It's unconstitutional to force kids to attend poorly performing schools, and a little competition would be good for public education."
My painboy is finished. C+C welcome.
"What do you mean by this? Different Christian faiths can be enormously different from one another in almost every respect, save that they all acknowledge Jesus as their saviour--but even what that means is different."
Where do you live?
How do you feel when you see the killer with a full prestige 3 outfit ? I cry and hope they kill me fast to end my suffering.
"The last word the last word the last word... Literally takes no skill to use. At least universal remote took skill to get kills, you had to at least get close. I'm getting cross mapped by the last word. People there are other viable weapons, just can't think of any at the moment"
r u fucking stupid? its a bug for u cos your brain is not working. all games with daily bonuses always resets after the max bonus was awarded. ps. did u expect to get 2k+ on the 8th day?
"Also Deus Ex best RPG??, OW best Original Game? BF1 is original? Tom Clancy too? NMS gets votes? Also what you mentioned lol"
"They can sell it for whatever they want, but I just don't think that's how you build a loyal fan base."
"For me, silence is key. Vocalizing your intentions or feelings or anything opens up alternate paths for redundancies and fuck-ups. I know my desired effect, I know how to achieve it, I know there must be sacrifice. There is nothing else. Speaking aloud simply opens too many doors. I want to be like lightning. Find the quickest, most powerful path to my desired intention. In this way mistakes usually turn out to be wonderful lessons as long as you remember there is ALWAYS sacrifice involved in all endeavors. I enjoy the popular notion that you should do good deeds anonymously. Without expectation of reward. Do it for the hell of it. Just do it and walk away. Anything more cheapens the deed."
I hope that is sarcasm. Kaep has never been as dominant in his sport or charismatic as Ali was. People respected Ali even if they didn't like him because he backed it up.
And discourages begging
How's this. Just utilize used shipping containers that are no longer viable for shipping? Often the locks (those square things on the corners used to fasten then together) on shipping containers are damaged. Instead of repairing them for liability reasons they just scrap the whole thing. It's called recycling.
Steph Curry &amp; KD are both averaging over 27 PPG and shooting 50%. No team in NBA history has ever had 2 players do that in the same season. Can they do it for the whole season?
"Tweet it to the company, let em know keeping American jobs is important to consumers!"
"Thanks, a hundred other people failed to do so."
"Eugh, I did this the other day. I was coming down a slight hill on one of the main drags of West Seattle and knew I needed to turn soon, so I put my foot down to brake but I did it too hard and I ended up running for two or three steps before splaying out on my hands and knees. In front of a busy bistro. My flip flops and phone went flying but I only skinned my knees. My hands were nicely exfoliated, but they didn't break skin since the concrete was so smooth. I think I may have dislocated my left thumb though. So imagine this, but replace the guy with a fat trans woman in pajama pants, a hoodie and flip flops."
Rafa is a Dodgers fan? This changes everything.
"NFC scouting reports: Most overrated, underrated players"
One of these is not like the others
Can someone explain the almost unanimous adversion to the touchpad I've seen online. I think it seems like a neat way to add flexibility to the area which was once confined to buttons. Btw I've never owned an apple product.
"Flag of Montgomery, Alabama"
When Imgur slides in on a Reddit tradition.
"Trump, Hillary feel town-hall style plays to their strengths"
CIG misled people into the believe that 2.6 would be around during CitCon - I wouldn't put all of the blame on optimistic backers. CIG's community management has hit a new low this year.
Penn State is hitting their stride at exactly the right time. If they can score consistently in the first half the rest of the way then no one left on the schedule is beating them. Second half PSU has been scary the last 4 games.
"I see Stoch score all these worldies but then struggle to get any playing time in the league. Is he not good enough outside of shooting, or what is it that keeps him out of the team?"
"Best 750 boost in black? Wondering who has the best pair for these, and if so what are the flaws? Thanks"
Needs more watermarks
"Giuliani has no international relations experience at all. Maybe you could have said the same thing about Hillary in 2008 but at least she'd been in the Senate. I'd say Corker is the best choice. It also opens his Senate seat in 2018, which would increase the chance of the Democrats taking it in the midterms (though the chance would still be tiny.)"
MNF Game Thread: The Cincinnati Bengals (3-4-1) @ New York Giants (5-3) Broadcast: ESPN. Location: MetLife. Inactives: WR Cruz QB Johnson DB Hall OT Beatty OG Pugh DE Wynn LB Skinner FUCK THE COWBOYS!
Demko finding his way with Comets
"During development... when is it ""done"" enough to go live? This is something I've struggled with for 10 years. I've build countless WP sites for both personal blogs and commercial applications and I never know when to ""flip the switch."" What's your standard? What about large sites... do you go live when it's all built out or build small, launch, and then build out?"
"Tristar, Yeley Running Cup With BK Charter? (Post #600)"
Most people in that sub are anarchists. Why are people here so incapable of recognizing that tankies and anarchists are not the same thing?
YEAH GUYS DON'T WORRY MERCY HAS A GUN FOR A REASON I CAN DEFEND MYSELF PERFECTLY FINE JUST GO RUN OFF AND DO YOUR OWN THING AND THEN COMPLAIN ABOUT ME NOT HEALING YOU WHEN I'M DEAD BECAUSE YOU DIDN'T PROTECT ME
So we should join the Trumpies and spray swastikas everywhere?
Mandatory prison sentencing for people who vote illegally - we have to have it folks! All the millions of people who committed voter fraud must be exposed and sent to federal prison! The election was close! Why? Millions of people voted illegally! Clinton carried almost all the states where there were no voter ID laws! This must change! OUT OUT OUT
OSU! logo made out of words that trigger OSU! players.
"Any way to stop getting cheese'd? I am getting REALLY annoyed with online hth. Everyone just uses screens, PA power, Verts then QB draw, and just general scummy plays. What do I do?"
Which is weird because you guys had an amazing line last year. What happened?
"It's sort of discouraging that there are apparently so many 9/11 ""Truther"" whackjobs on Reddit."
"yeah again, pure luck that the tyres gripped again before hitting the wall."
"see you on thursday bud, this is going to be a hell of a game :)"
Test oops
MNF Game Thread: The Cincinnati Bengals (3-4-1) @ New York Giants (5-3) Broadcast: ESPN. Location: MetLife. Inactives: WR Cruz QB Johnson DB Hall OT Beatty OG Pugh DE Wynn LB Skinner FUCK THE COWBOYS!
"Oh, it gets better. It's not just a picture of ""some people eating pizza"", it's a picture of two women who, four days beforehand, the sender had managed to get released from a North Korean prison, plus one woman's daughter, enjoying a celebratory meal."
Next level inception
"Durant: ""I would love to play with Lamarcus and Brandon Roy."""
Young people have killed themselves over leaked nudes.
Bernard Lowe = Arnold Weber
"Nope. Because even if he does accept that Climate Change isn't a Chinese hoax, then when it gets worse, he'll blame China for it."
"a) Of all the criticisms I've ever heard about the MacBook Pro, being ""chunky"" wasn't one of them. b) There are other performance laptops out there that are thinner than the new MacBook Pro while still managing to fit some combination of microSD card reader, USB type-A, Mini DisplayPort, and HDMI ports... so saying that ""chunkier"" was the alternative isn't a very compelling argument."
I don't know about akward silences but when a normal silence settles in I get my dick out for Harambe and then usually it makes it akward for a bit and the conversation keeps going.
SPORTS Who is your squad Are they gonna win today
"Great, you just spoiled it for me. Now I know the game has a final boss."
HA +1
"It's an insult. Doesn't matter what the insult is, you run the risk of getting an ass whoppin' if you go around insulting people. It turns out, people in a blind rage aren't open to participating in a philosophical discourse around why archaic terms are still considered insulting, and will punch you in the face without considering the logical consistency of your arguments, or even giving you the opportunity to present them."
"Ah. I'm sorry. Honestly, in my experience and that of my friends, I have found this to be true of guys who are...overly gentlemanly? And it can be hard to identify. But if a guy, say, pays for dinner, offer to buy a post-dinner cocktail or a dessert or something, or say you'll get the next date. One way to tell if a guy was just buying you dinner to be nice or bc he was the one to ask you out, or because he thinks The Man Always Buys Dinner."
"Dear White People, Your Safety Pins Are Embarrassing"
"Thanks mate for the sound advice. I have a unique situation. I am driving 3 hours traffic everyday to get to my job and home. Which is fine, but not if I'm going to be miserable all day at work and no free time after work. Not to mention a good chunk of my profit goes to gas each month. I easily can tell my next employer that the commute was intolerable, but thatI loved the industry and have had great success in my early months. I also was offered referals by the ""nice"" managers. I have no stress about what a future employer would think, but under normal circumstances I would agree with your concern."
Fucking coward
"Also make him stop pulling shit. If i cast thunderclap, he runs off to the next mob.. Even if said mob is really far away."
Why hello there...
Doesn't get anymore racist than that
Che hanno di male?
"I've straight up had people tell me ""I don't care what studies say!"" Really? You just want to be a wrong ass?"
The Metal Gear Rising ost continues to remain relevant
Just got back to Edinburgh after a car trip to the isle of Skye and the highlands. Was very cool and driving across Skye was awesome fun with amazing scenery. The Eilean Donan castle was pretty cool and we got an awesome 30 minute history lesson from one of the attendants there. Great trip.
Bird dining in a dead seal's eye socket
(OC) someone had a bad day......
Sexy is hard in Russia
"Test rode a P85D with an ex-Navy pilot once, he said the launch was the closest thing he's felt to an aircraft carrier catapult"
"Na, I think they meant in the same season"
vaal or no balls
It would be interesting if all of a sudden everyone in the world was sterile. Like an apocalypse that we knew was coming...
No one cared who I was until I put on the mask.
What app are you using for photographing?
"He's below Curry, Harden, Westbrook and CP3 this season. Anyone else is fair game for arguments."
R
"Yeah I don't expect it to happen any time soon, or ever, and to be fair I do enjoy being lead quite a bit, too."
Police: Teen hired homeless man to stab 2 people on Lower Broad
the mondays are strong with this one
Who was booked better in WCW than in WWE? DDP Booker T And call me mad but Ric Flair
He has not started. The president officially begins on January 20th.
I mean SM doesn't exactly have TR using balloons so there's no need for the regional birb to pop said balloons.
What is ttyl?
Tinder now has 37 options for gender
Now there is a great conspiracy! Nearby VIP needs an organ? Just orchestrate a crash and voila! Organs on demand.
Yeah I don't really understand the title. I hope RO has good intentions on joining TL :(
$10 says Trump doesn't know anything about Churchill
"I think the fact that we are about 18 months from an election and the current government's approval rate is not so great, might have some influence too."
"LPT: If you see someone crying, ask if it's because of their haircut. Be as sincere as possible."
Questions: 1) Why does he throw the smoke like that and then plant in the open? 2) How is he so confident in watching only highway while walking towards A-main with his back to it? (Before getting the frag on the A-main player)
Please explain to me how my different anatomical attributes mean I should get paid less than a man for doing the same job.
I was so worried they were going to ruin my childhood hero with their shitty booking. Marking out so fucking hard right now.
Romo got injured after 3 plays in the preseason. And we still talk about him.
Second University of Michigan student assaulted during case of ethnic intimidation
Its better than having a Satanist witch in the white house!
The future of the Vikings O line So clearly our offensive line is struggling. My question is what do you think the Vikings will do to address the Oline's needs this off season. We dealt our number 1 pick. Do you think we will try to address it through Free Agency? Personally I could see us trying to sign a top end tackle for our LT spot. Joe Thomas maybe? (I believe he is set for FA)
I checked the rules wiki and saw nothing about posting streaming links. Lets have some fun tonight guys!
What is something you don't like that people do on Reddit?
No problem! Glad to help!
"I guess your right, for some people! Good comment"
"Well damn, did she finish?"
I am concerned about the other 1%
I remember hating JBL as a kid when he was a heel on smackdown.
Apple's $300 book contains 450 photos of Apple products
"""Ho"" Speak like an adult."
"Unlimited Arena Extra Skill Unlock Chance Bunos? Does the extra skill unlock chance bunos only works on the main arena nodes or does it also apply to those regular nodes? Coz if they do apply on those regular nodes, those 1 stamina nodes is the goto place for unlocking extra skills. Please help to clarify. Thanks."
With a hoodie
there's more than two sexes too
Still celebrating
so many levels to this goddamn game &lt;3
"Proposals for the new C standard, C2X"
"Former NFL defensive back, Will Allen, pleads guilty in $37 million ponzi scheme."
Not 10 times one second after another.. This is modder money not Good Behavior money.
"The Sanctus was a Halloween special vehicle According to some users on this sub, it is no longer available for those who didn't buy it in time."
Or a pro bowl left tackle
Roast me more than a charred thanksgiving turkey. Come at me bros.
Lapras is my only missing one too! I feel your pain!
I'm not sure this title reflects how high the steaks are...
"I think the Swindail cheesecake packs 1 and 2 are dope, quality samples I use alllll the time"
I know my family...
SUP WITH KRONOS? Is kronos le dying? wutz is up with it. bunch of raidloggers? no worldpvp? barely any streamerinos? WTF - why do we play here? le lol
Reward Offered for Vandalism Suspect Identified from November 10 Riot (Photo)
How sure are we that this isn't a terrorist plot? Maybe Samsung got bought out by Isis and now they're sneaking explosives into the country disguised as phones and washing machines?
Probably because the average player would not understand why the game/round suddenly ended and would get mad about it and post on the forums/Reddit about game ending early bug.
This garbage bin has no bin.
Who says you can't grow money?
Don't play in standard but vaaled this that was collecting dust in my stash
"WHEN CARSON WENTZ PEES IN THE SHOWER, HE PEES ON HIS FEET ON PURPOSE"
still.not.paying.
1st Ever Through the Fire and Flames BRUTAL Pro Drums 100% FC
no fallen? really?
wish i'd thought of that
"What's your favorite alcoholic drink to have regularly? I'm looking to explore alcohol, like malts and Bourbon, wheat beers, stuff like that. Avoid mainstream."
Surely wouldn't be as good as Ambrose's promo if he beat AJ
This might sound dumb but what would of happened if the doctor ordered an MRI?
Tell that the Thermite mains and they'll end uo sobbing in the corner...
I loved this video! Where can I get more?!
"Hollywood. Listen up: STOP MAKING THESE FUCKING MOVIES. You're constantly rehashing the same old shit, then magically wonder why you lose money. We're not looking for sequels to movies that were just fine as is. There's a reason the new Ghostbusters tanked hard."
How dare you
The biggest winners tonight are the Patriots and the Broncos.
Why does the act of a male condescendingly explaining something need a specific word?
2 CBs?
"Fight the 'blight' of windfarms near my golf courses, Trump urges Ukip leader - US president-elect does not deny pushing interim leader Nigel Farage and key associates to fight development of windfarms in Scotland"
"I ate these a LOT and yes, I was a fat kid"
"Interesting, if he comes back to old Dez form that'll be great. Also Romo will be back soon, and that should help Dez so much."
Kirin Tor vs Emerald Winds
Suicide.Squad.2016.EXTENDED.1080p.WEB-DL.H264.AC3-EVO
"Mate, it's a WW1 submachine gun You've gotta burst slowly and even then, it's not that reliable. Learn to flank more and escape fights, you won't always win with a certain gun."
"My first time in Canada. As a Florida girl turned island immigrant, I am awestruck by the views here in BC. This is Green Lake, right off Highway 99."
They're not way above the average though. I just showed you the MLB payroll average is 130million and the Jays are spending 137million.
"Hell, half the people in southern Idaho don't even know how to pronounce Coeur d'Alene"
"If you run the game higher than 60 fps, that one I linked isn't great. You would need a 144 Hz monitor to be able to see the more fps (Hz = number of times the screen refreshes a second)."
F
What has a friend or close family member said that made you lose almost all respect you had for them?
First year union apprentice laid off for three weeks. Called the hall today and was told it could be a few more weeks. What are my options? I'm hoping people here with similar experience have advice. I'm working out of IBEW local 354 and have been unemployed for three weeks and probably at least a few more. Every time I call the hall or the JATC they don't sound very sympathetic or hopeful. I'm currently getting unemployment but it barely covers my bills and my wife is starting to put the pressure on me. This is my first year in the industry so please help!
"HAHAHAHA more mediocrity from the heat, the most overrated organization in the league."
Thank you
"What do you kill first against discolock? the new imp, or knife juggler? let's suppose you're playing in the early-mid game against discolock, battling evenly for board (and by evenly i mean you're constantly on the verge of losing it dramatically, it's zoo after all). you have a damaged 3/1 and can trade it on a juggler, or a melchy imp. what do you kill first, and what do you leave alive? (no aoe in hand, or a suboptimal one, like UTH or the shaman ones)."
"I mean, come on that movie just... wasn't good."
"Ugly, error-riddled ""art"" posted in every room I've stayed in at an Ontario, Canada Marriott."
"Jayce Nerfs Incoming? Our boy feels so incredibly strong right now. I feel like we should be expecting some nerfs in the near future. I of course love that he finally feels like he has some raw power behind the practice we've all put in, but I'm afraid that it surely cant last, right? What nerfs, if any, do you think we should be expecting? Do you feel they would be justified? Thanks for your thoughts!"
I have to agree. I went looking for people calling it set up considering how quickly the guy went up in flames...
MORE TOLERANT LEFT NEWS: Passenger thrown off flight after confronting Ivanka Trump
As painful as the next four years will be we won't have any more dynasties. We need to find the next Obama.
Use the force Joey
"It was very important for my wife and I to be in communion with one another. Scripture teaches that a cord a three strands cannot be broken, meaning that a marriage that has its foundation in God will last. Without that strong foundation, however, it is much harder to keep with each other when things get tough."
"Technically you shouldn't have 2 carry-ons anyway. It's one carry-on plus one ""personal item"". I get annoyed by the people trying to bring two right-at-the-limit roller bags on flights. Not only are you taking up extra overhead space, but you're slowing down the boarding/unboarding process"
Who is this?
Jill Stein issues new Hillary WWIII warning.
Birth control for yourself.
He got too close to the truth.
OVER REACTION MONDAY!!! Let's hear your over reactions on this lovely Monday morning. Mine is in probably gonna start shopping around Ebron and roll solely with Jimmy Graham for the rest of the season.
"Jokes on them because I got $20 to write ""I use netflix"" instead of keeping a TV watching diary in my house for a week where I write down every show anyone in my household watches."
4.3 Million Sign Petition Asking Electoral College to Vote for Hillary Clinton
"I wonder if Al Michaels is going to retire soon. He's only four years younger than Verne Lundquist, who is retiring at the end of this college football season."
Maybe Kapkans trap could be buffed by making it more hidden/harder to shoot by moving it further away from the doorway.
Then why did he win the election? And why did the GOP gain seats?
I'll never understand why RB pitted him.
400 LBS hacker better switch to Cola.
You should really be more concerned about the subreddits he moderates. Very odd mix of cat obsession and rough anal. Which gives me many questions and a strong sense of fear for his cats.
But do you want to let them resolve Gnaw to the bone?
they're just a little predictable
Because Battlefield 1 is nothing like Battlefield 4... I love how I got downvoted for playing along with the joke :P
Why would you want more loss for dodging? You're giving more power to the trolls if you do that.
per week!!
"DEVIL seems to be having the best 2 weeks of his career. Seems he's the only one spitting out clutches and highlights from Nv atm, besides the odd kenny flick or Rapex entries"
That Honda at around 11:00 is the real hero.
How can you say this is not broken?
"I'm not impressed, I can kick the air and a dumby as well. It's really not that difficult. I don't look as hot while doing it, but that's not what I came here for."
There has to be a bounce. Action and reaction..
Need help with build.
It's an untrue stigma that it's difficult for pld to hold hate before shield. If you have basic knowledge of tanking and a proper ilvl weapon you won't have any issue at all. People just like to forget flash exists or somethint I guess.
Are you high?
"Is it just me or does the beat on this song remind you of an RS song? I forgot which, anyone know?"
I'm wearing the same flannel the guy in this picture is....
"lol yes, he had a lv 60 evo3 dark one"
Marsh resigns from National Selection Panel
"Reddit, what is an interesting piece of history from your area that is not well known?"
If it were Woolie's gorilla army they wouldn't be scared of backing down as cowards and then betray their race for jetpacks at least.
There was a douchebag last night
When the new Widow is too strong
"It got pretty spicy when the xbox one was planned to have that insane DRM. ""This is how you share on PS4."" Good thing they got rid of it, not sure how they expected to outsell Sony with less exclusives AND that crazy DRM"
Spoiler much.
"This guy has it. Those are human skulls, vastly too small for a 9' plus tall human. Or 9 euro-units tall."
"I think a soccer team in Cape Town took ""The Dangerous Darkies""."
Roast my gender-fluid looking friend.
Ahahahah.
Remind me of the reference?
Which station at which hour has the most people daily? City hall peak at 6 plus is bad. Intervals are ridiculous as well. Other stations may have more people but intervals faster.
"I feel bad for people who were let down by this game. Honestly though, shadow of the colossus had many issues that people overlook with nostalgia glasses. I see why people love that game, but I only thought it was ""ok"". Just my opinion though."
"Hate how they say she isn't **classy**. She is tall, fit , Harvard educated woman that dresses and looks good in designer clothing, what more do you want?!"
wait we are allowed to talk about corrupt super PAC's here now?
"Do ""no go zones"" where police and fire are unwilling to respond actually exist in your country or is it a Fox News hysteria?"
A neighbours dog does this quite often
"EXPOSED: Clinton Foundation brings in $128 Million, spends $5M on charity, $35M on Salaries, $30M on Travel, and $50M on ""other"""
It should be over for him. He just needlessly killed a mam
"It's all accelerationist nonsense, people genuinely went into voting booths and thought if they vote Trump we'd get some sort of political revolution. What utter naive morons, it's perplexing and frustrating to listen to it and its almost impossible to convince someone otherwise."
"If you are 1000 metres away from any spawn point spawning is randomizer, you can get pretty nice stuff from that. However if there is a spawn point within 1000 metres you'll get pidgeys :) In some countries getting 1000 metres off any spawn point is more easy to achieve than in others. In the most population-dense country in the world*, the Netherlands, where I live, it is near impossible. *Aside from city-states."
"""I HAVE REALLY HIGH STANDARDS; I'm AN EXPECTING SINGLE MOTHER"""
"This is one of my favorites. She literally leaves you for doing what she has done the whole time.... You're obviously a bum if you lose your job, but what are you if you never had one to lose in the first placE?"
"I mean the Ultimate Impostor's motivation for imitating Byakuya wasn't necessarily revealed in game. But the how it ties in with DR1, man, did you even play the last trial?"
Can you do the math for me and correct me proper?
"Donald J. Trump on Twitter - I have recieved and taken calls from many foreign leaders despite what the failing @nytimes said. Russia, U.K., China, Saudi Arabia, Japan,"
British woman arrested on 'extra-marital sex' charges after reporting gang rape to police in Dubai as attackers go free
"""The government is enslaving students with debt"""
"I did see the sticky, which was very narrowly worded to give the mods a reason to remove comments from NoCirc trolls."
"While we're at it, we might as well put them in one location. Some sort of, fenced in location where we can just keep an eye on them all."
GOP Readies Swift Obamacare Repeal With No Replacement in Place
"Clinton Cash.....LOL! Nice unbiased source that definitely doesn't make wild, unsupported claims without providing proof."
"Something that bugs me. This is probably nothing but hey what are crazy theories for if not to pick at the nothings? In the Qrow vs Winter fight Qrow goes out of his way to act extremely drunk to provoke Winter before showing a remarkable deal of control and sobriety in the fight. So either Qrow is really a badass or he was playing her. He also says ""Saw your gaudy ship in town. Guess you're here too."" Winter: ""I'm standing right here before you."" Qrow: ""So it would seem."" Qrow could be saying nonsense because of being drunk/acting or he purposefully implies something here. That Penny might not be the only synthetic and Qrow wouldnt put it past Ironwood to replace Winter with a synth, or that Winter isnt quite who she is in another way."
"I've literally experienced people on the autism spectrum displaying superior writing skills as compared with what you've just demonstrated, so maybe show her your ability to write and she'll realize that you are indeed a potato, which will make her less judgmental?"
Every China game ever
Are sun and moon playable on the 2Ds?
Dogfight Elite FREE (Discount applies to Windows 10 devices only | expires in 6 days)
"In addition to all the other hijinks Columbus got up to, in later years, he ran a sex slave business from the New World. He remarked in a letter to a friend that nine-year-old girls were a particularly hot item with the nobility of Europe."
"I guess, however the processor plays a big part in what you see. In these shots I was averaging around 40fps, silky smooth performance."
"Frances Tiafoe wins second Challenger title of the year and breaks top 100! Moves up to #100 with this win! I've been watching a lot of Challenger tennis this year, last few months in particular, and I try to catch Tiafoe whenever I can. Great to watch. Definitely the young American I'm most excited about and in my opinion has the biggest talent. Will probably become a regular on the ATP tour next year (my last two predictions about players breaking through were Pouille and Khachanov so I'm feeling good about this one)."
anime irl
What's the plan for farming?
TIL there is a god...and he hates me.
Did Phreak have any way of knowing he was playing against Tyler1?
"If this week proves anything, Alabama losing to Auburn would solidify our no. 1 spot. Right? Isn't that how losses work now?"
Flag of Macedonia on a cloudy day if the sun were Proxima Centauri
"God I hate that our leadership is all that's standing in the way of just, not fucking up the planet more. The fact these lunatics are okay with us turning what is, as far as we know, the only place supportive of life in the universe, into a sweltering husk in not 100 years time is almost laughably horrifying."
"Wasn't he laughing along with Tony last year when tones was saying ""labor want your house to lose value""?"
"Thats fckd up, wish people like that got banned"
Im okay with taking the CL final out of europe if it means we can get a world cup on the moon. Would be 100% worth it.
Having a good work ethic means you don't whine and quit like Americans.
This looks like a vagina
"@OP zxcv isn't exactly uncommon for a name, we just have our own special one here &lt;3"
"I went to a smallish college, and on the first day of one class, one woman suggested to the professor that we do this, and the professor thought it was a good idea."
The last delivery I had was a smoking hot girl. More of those.
"So... um. I'm scared to ask, what's you're record?"
What's a completely original Nick name you just made up right now?
A majority of Donald Trump supporters think everything has been terrible since the 1950s
Did you try using this updater after starting ntr?
You can't be racist without facing repercussions anymore.
But you get the added bonus of an extra battery
"From the span of 1981 to 1987, Wayne Gretzky had 1219 points in 473 games."
"Not a bad idea, will try later."
Name?
Pamela Anderson Spray Tan
"Everything seems pretty cheap when you have zero debt, an emergency fund, and rent/costs budgeted months in advance."
"If every shot wasn't a headshot the show would have been over after episode 3 or so. Also, a show where zombies are walking around chomping on everyone has a tonne of latitude when it comes to things like bullet accuracy."
TJHaly thinks MWR is trash
"Nah, he's been in the states for a while. He was living in Philly with the Sleepycabin crew for a couple years."
I heard every time I describe him as a raving lunatic an angel gets his wings so I guess it all evens out in the end.
"7 Mana 2/2, nice"
Top left: Beast Top right: Professor X Bottom left: Gambit Bottom right: Wolverine
"The 1980-1999 temperature average is not the baseline. The most accepted average is the 1880-1910 one and has been used since the late 80's when global warming was underway. The 1980-1999 anomaly puts us under 1 degree above baseline, the 1880-1910 puts us over. It will be interesting in January when the 2016 global temperature is calculated, which publications put us under 1 degree above baseline and which ones put us over 1 degree above baseline. This represents an opportunity for some stealth denial by mainstream corporate outlets, or vice versa, it can be used to whip up climate frenzy."
"and Henrik has the same amount of goals and points than his ""nut butter"" brother so far this season."
RESEBA - THE DARK WIND Official Trailer
Any clue as to the damage it has caused in FLorida as of now?
"For a guy who doesn't like it when people call him Hitler, this is a very Hitler-y move."
TIL the first UK same-sex marriage in prison consist of two men who are in prison for homophobic motivated murders.
KGB Chief: Is not true. Is lies. Breitbart: What comrade said.
Yep colorblind people see blue strawberries
ITT: Reddit judges people living in abject poverty.
To my trained and expert eye I would have guessed bird shit.
Go back to Facebook you stupid breeder.
How Milwaukee Shook Off the Rust
I've registered but how i get my skin?
its rough..
So ejaculate?
"you have 12 interesting characters and u just focus on 2. he couldn't even make choji/ino somehow usefull in the fight vs hidan and kakuzu because we need Naruto (our ""hero"") to safe the day."
"Meet the new boss, same as the old boss (literally)"
PSA on the PSA: there's a bank nearby you can rob so you can afford one.
"It isn't a very good story. I struggle with depression and I decided to destroy all my possessions before I killed myself. my phone, PC, and guitar all got the hammer. Then I got some help and now I'm trying to get back into gaming."
Garcia vs salka
It's a shame really.
Why use capital delta?
I thought explosive rounds only buffed pve damage?
What is a 100% legal move in a game or sport that is frowned upon and viewed as a dick move?
"Did you see the girl? They know who she is. Also, I saw this on the local news this evening and they interviewed the football player (a friend of hers) who came up with the idea."
"I think they should drop Elusive and Escalations and focus on Contracts more for Season 2 and 3 Most escalations are just a bother, while elusive hits are a bit of a joke. It was put in there to incentivise people to get the game sooner than later, but it's just a waste of resources and time. I played the first 3-4 of them and then I didn't care, and when I found out you can literally DIE and restart before the game goes back, I saw zero point in doing them, as it ruined the tension. Contracts on the other hand, are amazing. I know many probably ignore them, but it's what kept me playing. It's amazing to outwit a fellow player with knowledge of not just the level but the game mechanics, and twist them. Nothing comes close to this. The issue is, the contract creation is too limiting. We should be able to adjust things more and maybe give people more of an incentive to play contracts."
"In fact, I'd say part of the reason he's so good in Guardians is that Drax is supposed to be completely uncharismatic, having no sense of nuance. He could very well be a good actor, but Drax fit him so well already that I don't think it's a great judge of his ability."
"People should also have to take a class on how to respectfully use a computer and fix their own problems. Just because you downloaded 80 toolbars for some reason, does not mean I am going to make it go faster."
Maybe I would asshole
Add Moveset Type Icons to Pokemon List
"thanks for the new background, it used to be chank, but i changed it to this. (lord forgive me)"
Even honesty screws you
"Hey, it's ok, she's over 9."
"In 7th grade, I had a crush on a girl that was very hostile towards everyone, and just all-around difficult to get along with. She would frequently hit, slap, punch, scream at, and otherwise harm me (and other people). Turns out that since that point, I like being dominated by women. I like when they're in control and use me for their pleasure and their own benefit, or tease me, or delay my gratification. I told her this (we were and still are really close, so a conversation like this isn't unusual), and she said ""Oh, really? Well I have the opposite problem."" and she winked."
I'm also basically an expert in this field. I known a redditor whose guy used to date a gal whose brother used to work for a news station. AMA.
UK faces a 100bn Brexit hole in budget
"Hey, has anyone done anything yet about that whole Radical Christian Terrorist problem we have?"
LGBTBBQ is the full acronym as of CURRENT YEAR
of course not
Only men are bad. White men. Till the next bad guy is established.
"I agree. Mark behind Tom is okay, but Tom backing Mark is much better. Tom's higher pitch sometimes makes Mark harder to hear because he kinda drowns him out"
DAMMIT!
Cheer up! Even if you're not a pc brother you are definietly and AMD bro.
Sounds like someone wants to know if their tag got covered up.
Isn't that cultural appropriation though?
If we can escape LA with a win and a QB with a pulse I will be ecstatic
"My lifelong-bachelor uncle passed away unexpectedly, I stopped by last night to remove any porn before the rest of the family saw anything."
Michael Jordan selected to receive Presidential Medal of Freedom
"Welcome to Reddit, where casual racism against Asians is fine, but White people get upset if you say ""You dont season your food"" as a joke."
"For people in the U.S, that means: 7:01 PM EST 6:01 PM CST 5:01 PM MST 4:01 PM PST"
Offers Certified masamune oni decal
"Power used in the last years. You can clearly see when the panels were put in. This last billing cycle marks the first time I have not bought power from TECO. My bill was $18.03, which is the $15 service charge, plus tax and franchise fee. Feel great. :D"
I think you just got whooshed.
My opinion would be Kansas State or Oklahoma State.
How is this okay for miel to do? Stinks the whole street
Insane reflexes
They don't? I mean I'm fat and while I find skinny girls attractive I also find bigger girls attractive and everything in between. Granted I tend to find bigger girls more attractive but I'm not going to write someone off based solely on their looks.
...
Marijuana stocks trading halted on TSX after massive jumps of up to 44% trip circuit breaker
Penalties for hitting the QB? I call BS.
no the memes are stupid go to ask_thedonald if you want the circle jerk stuff. the people who go for that stuff are the same as the ones who get all there news from fake facebook news
"Libtard, cuck, SJW"
Study: 1 in 2 American Adults Already In Facial Recognition Network
"and REI, Dicks"
"Yeah, well, it'd be boring otherwise"
"He would have had my vote, my entire family's votes, and every single Democrat I know. In addition to Democrats who vote down party lines he would have had a pretty good swath of independents. He gets 25% of the Republican vote in his state which suggests he has some appeal to white Republican voters as well. I don't know if he would have won; no one does. I would have liked it if he'd at least had the opportunity to run. We'd be no worse off, and possibly better."
Just to give you a perspective on how big the AT Rifle actually is.
"Yeah, I hate the idea of actually getting coverage where I live."
This whole thread is a giant shill circle jerk
Trump supporter cites Japanese internment camps as 'precedent' for Muslim registry
Trump didn't insult Muslims.
"The bonus to this too is that Poli is an extremely versatile 'Mon. He probably doesn't get enough credit for this. Most 'Mons have 1 or 2 out of 6 movesets that you want and the rest are disappointing. All of his charge moves with Bubble 'quick' attack are useful on defense. You could make a case for any of them in certain situations. Pretty much any combo with Mud Shot is useful on offense as well. Fire/Rock are weak to both Water/Ground, so the only possible type bonus you're losing by going from water to ground would be vs. Ground...and ironically the only 3 viable ground-type defenders have a secondary types that still makes them weak to ground and take 1.25x. Nidoking/Nidoqueen w/ poison, and Golem w/ Rock"
Cmon KC don't go negative!
The Earth :(
"what doyou mean with non-scripted?, newbie here"
"my opinion is, the bomb is among the gift from big mom to vinsomke. Judge will open it and get angry at bigmom family then canceled the wedding because he thinks BM didn't respect the aggrement"
This Ohio Town Voted For Obama By Huge Margins. Then It Flipped To Trump.
"This phone won't die and that's a good thing. Still though, I expect battery issues as they come up that causes a large drain in the beginning."
"Moto x 2nd Gen from galaxy s3 It's night and day, as you might expect. I can't think of anything that was better on the s3 at all."
"Maybe when we're done running a train on your wife, you dumb cuck."
Yeah it's only in multiplayer I hope the patch it soon its unplayable as of now
Great skill at aiming without missing a single bullet.
Well! Who could say no to a deal like that!
Kitty.
'I don't give a damn about **no** Drake night' Come on how you gonna miss that
"Upgrade Windows 10 Enterprise 1511 to 1607? Hey guys. I work for a small repair shop/MSP and my workstation has recently become the guinea pig tester for Windows 10 (as they are powerful, but a few years older) at my own request. It's working great so far and I haven't had any issues (other than having to do some digging around for a couple drivers), but the problem I'm faced with now is that I cannot upgrade to Anniversary which was one of the main goals of this test. The version of 10 ENT I'm running is from Action Pack, and because it's the ENT edition I can't use the upgrade assistant or the MCT. I have tried Googleing everything I can think of to no avail. When my boss checked Action Pack he said there was no ISO available for anniversary, just november. So my question is; is there any way for me to upgrade to 1607 without having to wait for an ISO to drop on Action Pack?"
"What should *not* be documented? Obvious example would be, ""How to operate the coffee maker - Rev B."" I couldn't think of any serious examples to answer the question, but there are folks here working with larger networks and with more experience. Is there any scenario where you don't feel you'll get bit in the ass for failing to do documentation?"
Bee movie trailer that slows down every time they say bee
Half the frontpage is going to be complaints about color blind issues after this is released. This is why we can't have nice things
There isn't one.
You do realize if he starts naming names how many people will be triggered?
"Oskar Dirlewanger leader of the infamous 36th Waffen Grenadier Division of the SS. Oskar and his men were so vile and evil that even the SS had an ongoing investigation on the group. They raped children, burned them alive, or feed them still alive to starved dogs. There was a particular massacre of 500 school children that stood out to me.This is an account on that event ""After the door of the building was blown off we saw a daycare-full of small children, around 500; all with small hands in the air. Even Dirlewanger's own people called him a butcher; he ordered to kill them all. The shots were fired, but he requested his men to save the ammo and finish them off by rifle-butts and bayonets. Blood and brain matter flowed in streams down the stairs."""
Are you kidding me? It's not hard at all :)
U.S.-led warplanes destroy fleet of Islamic State oil tankers in Syria
Australia ranked among worst developed countries for climate change action
Which cards would be absolutely broken if they were in a different class?
"quick question If you cast two spells in a game and have out an ancient harbinger, will it fetch an arcane giant? Similarly will it do this with the other giants if they would cost 10 at that time?"
"Zambzz is right. That's why I have 6 day jobs, just in case one of the companies decides to stop paying me."
MHXX X Drifters Collaboration: Nodachi Longsword?
"That 4th shot though, this game is actually broken."
"Gillette stadium is famous for tech problems. The microphones and radios glitch all the time, what do they expect from a wireless tablet?"
"outside of Sanders, isn't that true for everyone? I mean, who wants to strengthen our borders, build a better barrier, fight for traditional marriage? - HRC, in her last Senate run. She changed on the traditional marriage thing before the primaries, but did keep the build a wall part. watching the primaries, because of Sanders, and watching Trump vs. other for entertainment... I gotta say, HRC and Trump are pretty close in issues. HRC is just a bit more into the money and, probably as a result of looking at the world through the eyes of a secretary of defense for years, more bellicose."
I ordered the sim-free matte black 7+ 128GB on 10/16. Still processing and the expected delivery is between 11/15 to 11/22 :(
When you're just casually eating a burger and 5 guys come in with a TV and a Wii U and start playing Smash Bros...
"I agree, I feel like the story is about the girl being handed the clothing. Maybe a better view of what she is hiding behind for context?"
"#Don't be upsetti, have some spaghetti!"
You pay girls to sit on the cake.
"Ah, a twelve year old I see"
"How do the people who chose 'baseball', 'football' or 'michael' manage to use the keyboard when it is soaked in drool?"
"I found this pretty interesting to hear because it shows just how serious things were over at HMS earlier this year, to even consider this I think is a huge deal. I know a lot of people were assuming Jimmie/Chad/HMS were just sandbagging during the summer but this obviously says otherwise.."
"I don't think I've ever seen a guy wear Uggs, gay or straight. But then again, I live in Texas."
I'm voting for Hillary anyways. Oops too late
"I know, I just have a thing against The Daily Mail."
"FBI: ""Well, they had no intent of any crimes...they didn't intend this riot to become all rioty and stuff"""
"Really, what cartoon to live action ever worked. Ever? And when someone mentions some inevitable gem I'm forgetting, that still doesn't disprove the rule."
"Your favorite educational drug video producers? e.g. Drugslab Automoderator, please spare me your wrath"
Ideal human nutrition. What we have now is a clusterfuck of misinformation.
"When are you guys going to start accepting that this is Trump's admin now? Not Clinton's, not Bush's, not Obama's. Just because the guy traipses around on stage wrapped up in a LGBT pride flag doesn't mean one thing until he starts actually defending gay rights. Hiring a cabinet of anti gay bigots doesn't give anybody confidence that a proven liar will follow through with what he pretends to be on stage for his followers."
Why isn't Roman Polanski locked away in an embassy somewhere?
INVEST!!! BIGGIE CHEESE!!! I'M TELLING YOU ONCE MORE!
The Chinese are pointing to Trump as proof for why free and open elections are overrated.
We hang around with the natives in Guadalcanal.
I wonder where he got a job at.
I'm a lefty and this does nothing for me. Sometimes I can't believe righties are willing to put up with the crown digging into the backs of their left hand when lifting the hand up. As a lefty I much prefer the way the crown faces towards the wrist on my right hand.
"You're pretty attractive imo. You could certainly stand to gain some weight, but you've got a good face, nice smile, and are in shape. All of that works on your favor. From your comments, you might be best served getting in a better mental and emotional state before anything else."
"Thats a different sport all together, bud"
"It was a joke. It says each specific game each play and it says Super Smash Bros. for Hungry Box which is the name of the N64 version. It says Street Fighter 5, CS:GO, and Starcraft 2 so it's not like they were naming the franchise he plays."
"No it's all good, yeah I just like saving them up and then using them all up at once. I've done it twice before at 30k."
"Pizza, by origin, was a way for bakers to clean the ash from the bottom of their (traditionally) wood ovens. Toppings consisted of any ingredients (usually going bad, or something that wouldn't last the night) that could weigh the dough down so it didn't bubble up too much in the oven, which would have rendered the cleaning process less effective. The result was given away to the poor or sold at a very low price. By their nature, pizza toppings can be anything that weighs down the pizza dough and is somewhat edible."
"you could just go for a drive somewhere you KNOW there are no cameras and throw it out the window, let it be someone else's problem"
"People wear their gas masks at a wedding, Moscow 1930's."
he's a superstar and not even 22. holy shit
You could find his plans to lower taxes for the wealthy on his website. I don't know why anyone thought he was ever going to help the middle class.
Bloody females.
"If the satellites only last 5 years then they'll need to launch almost 17 satellites a week to maintain a constellation of 4,425 satellites. I don't know how many satellites will fit on a single launch, but that would be a lot of new launches either way. 1 Gbps internet worldwide would probably make more than enough money to pay for the replacement launches, giving SpaceX a new large source of launches to increase their scale of production and eventually reduce costs further."
Spoken like a true Boston fan
? So just gonna be jerks to Fairfax? I guess we're not invited to the party.
Deputies use taser on woman in wheelchair after argument
"In 2016 we have to explain ""Burden of Proof"" as if it's some cutting edge technology."
Drums only
Generalizing much?
"Looks pretty fun to play. Unfortunately, I don't have gruul nor boogie monster. Are they necessary to make this work or do you think there other cards that would fit?"
Don't let your past define you.
Exhibit a on why I hate PK thunder 2
Imagine Arms warriors using haste vers gear to boost their ilvl so they can maybe do the damage of a 860...
"Wasn't Jim Crow enforced by the state? Business owners had to have separate facilities, correct? Genuinely asking."
A Touch Screen Gaming PC? Why Wold You Think That?
New Warlock Spell: Felfire Potion
At least we won't have people whining about not having a burst though. Bad burst is still burst.
"Wtf, are people seriously taking an imaginary character pointing down to the corpse of their defeated opponent as bm? Shit ya'll must have never played other games competitively. Could it not just be that the person is wanting to look ***Edgy and Cool*** after a victory by making their character say ""stay down"" with gestures? Jesus christ its not some personal attack on you as a person."
As it stands Rogers gets $0 of my dollars. Feels nice.
"Race/gender choice for fury warrior (PvE-Alliance)? Going to start a Fury Warrior because I had some fun jumping around in the class trial with them. Fairly new player still, only interested in PvE. Wondering what race on the Alliance side you would recommend? And gender if that makes a difference for animations and whatnot!"
Karrigan crazy noscopes
an artificial intelligence would conclude that humans are parasites and start the exterminations.
A new player asking for some advice/tips. I bought the complete edition last night on sale and I have not touched this game but I've heard all the amazing things about it. Any tips before getting started?
i agree with you but hes actually 21.
"Rogue and neutral cards, yes. But the only rogue discover card is Journey Below."
I don't think *anyone* appreciates your cys bigotry. Just get out. ^^^^sorry ^^^^you ^^^^can't ^^^^have ^^^^a ^^^^doppleganger ^^^^or ^^^^warforged ^^^^or ^^^^mimic ^^^^conversation ^^^^without ^^^^arguing ^^^^about ^^^^lables
great idea **allow a designer who let his game get released in a terrible unfinished state join the Star Citizen team**
Have keys gone out yet? Not received anything yet. Also a backer.
"Trump administration will ban lobbyists, enact five-year lobbying ban after leaving government"
"It won't matter, whether hes given one or not, his supporters will follow him blindly no matter how hypercritical he becomes, there loyal to the end."
You should never wish that on a player
"Britain just passed the ""most extreme surveillance law ever passed in a democracy"""
"Okay, lets take afghanistan for instance, it has free healthcare, the US doesn't even have that. Afghanistan used to be a beautiful place until the US was kind enough to throw a coup d'etat and drop countless bombs on it for no reason whatsoever for decades killing family members of the future terrorists seeking vengeance."
"Uhh, so like... How did this happen...? You know, just so I never accidentally set my bike on fire :/"
Do you think that Michelle Obama just browsed memes for eight years?
I had no idea he was voicing Futaba.
Bowl projections heading into Week 12
"He'd be the one resting his head on his foot, I bet, eh?"
What are you looking forward to in 2017?
"I once ate an entire roll of quarters the day before attending our neighborhood summer block party just so I could fool all my friends into thinking I could shit money. They all sat around getting pretty shit-faced throughout the evening, and by the time the streetlights came on I was standing butt-naked on top of a picnic table defecating coins like a motherfucker. They surrounded me like I was a malfunctioning slot machine, cupping their hands and catching my ass-quarters while cheering. No one seemed bothered the money was covered in my chunky shit, they had dollar signs in their eyes. My ass sprayed in every direction. The sounds of my wet farts combined with loose change hitting the ground, and the dull plop of my turds landing on the wood of the picnic table filled the air. Everyone praised Jesus for the miracle, asking if I could shit them enough money to pay their mortgage or get their wife a bigger pair of tits. What a fuckin' night."
"Excuse me, necromancy takes a certain amount of skill that the regular person cannot begin to comprehend. It's ABSOLUTELY a sport. Some would even call it an art."
"How many kms, do you have to walk when you have ditto as your buddy"
'I'm a non-binary 10-year-old' - BBC
My Kilo TT Stripper
Definitely looks like him
"That wasn't a proper freeze. It was just a ten month moratorium and even that didn't preclude expanding the existing settlements. As usual the wikipedia is highly biased in favor in Israel in all Israeli related topics. I also find this insistence that Israel be recognized as a Jewish state to be abhorrent and frankly uncivilized. It's disgusting that any nation would want to tie itself to a religion or race that way. What a supreme insult to everybody living in that country who is not a Jew. A constant reminder that the country is not for them, it's for the Jews and their presence is merely tolerated as long as Jews feel like it."
"Peoria Charter is UIUC's official charter bus service provider. Dennis Toeppen of Suburban Express filed a FOIA request to investigate PCC's ""preferred"" status."
Has anyone noticed Ash's new weird (possibly glitched) hands?
Duterte Death Squads: VICE News Tonight (Full Segment)
"Yeah, but then you lose your bloodsail rep."
"If you had to give a talk in General Conference, what would you speak on?"
Not if you want 1080/1070 performance.
Does limiting the power of the church (or mosque) really limit the power of religion on society?
Tim Kaine says he won't run for president in 2020
Kris Bryant win NL MVP! 29 of 30 first place votes
JOKE GOTCHA BITCHES
"The sound of whose weapon you like the most? Which hero ""skadooshes"" in a most pleasant way for you?"
matever
Kinda like you with punctuation?
Does anyone know where I can find more puzzles like these?
Where is that one from? Never heard it.
"Sometimes he will say something incorrect if it's not in his field, but when corrected by experts in the field he will admit to the error."
Imagine what his neighbors thought when they saw him outside in the rain doing that lol
Put in a mega-bid for Sanchez in jan just to fuck with Arsenal.
That's more than a bit rude. I would have sawed my legs off and attacked.
Canada PV
The Deforestation of the Amazon Rainforest seen via NASA satellite time lapse
"Not business as usual, He's going to blatantly rob people of their money, their medicare, their healthcare, their future."
Flat Earth in 5 Minutes
Simulation Theory
Talk it out Anal quiver
"Decrease the weight of 2000 Endo from Sortie rewards. 7 Days. 7 Days and I've gotten all this stupid Endo and I already have like 70k. I'm done with Sorties for now though, especially these endless ones. I'm sick of spending 40+ minutes to get 2000 Endo when I don't even need it. :\"
"Who would they trade? It would probably take more than McCollum, right?"
I say and now I say I say boy I say I say now I have this speech problem.
"Wait, Sanjay flew across the country to handle the situation? Wtf that's next level. I guess they really want to communicate how serious they are."
Is it safe to touch food with gloves on? Either latex or disposable? 19/m/us
"Yup, similarly, I once used a Korean friend's student ID to get my sister (who does not go to my college and is 4 years younger) into an important football game in the student section. We're of Chinese ethnicity if you were guessing by my username."
DEGENERACY OF THE HIGHEST ORDER
Can you provide some sources for your numbers?
You're not doing it right friend.
What is your Shoplifting Story? Care to share your shoplifting story? It's fun reading those. Ano nga pala itsura ng civilian guard?
"Yep, but (((their))) thought-process doesn't work that way goys... They think ""we're God-chose, we're the Light unto the Nations, and besides that, the Torah says we will be persecuted throughout history, so it's expected that the goys will persecute us! When they persecute us, this means the Torah is getting fulilled and it also helps us to consolidate our tribe and not assimilate among them. Also, these idolatarian Christian Goys with reddish faces and hairs are the descendants of Edom(=red), and our Rabbi says that they're kind of like animals, barely human, and just like the wild animals don't like to have masters, these goys alike don't like to have masters! But as the Torah says, we will be masters and we will give a lot of loans to other nations, but we will take no loan. Also, the descendants o Jacob (=Jews) will destroy the descendants of Edom (=Christians) just like it's written in the Torah, and the Torah is what we repeat every day and on each prayer, so this belief is deeply embedded into our subconsciousness..."""
"""What the fuck is a 'rooose'?"" I'm not very bright. :( Pondered that question for WAY longer than I should've needed to, given that I'm an herbalist."
"This may be genius. No matter what she's: a. Got their attention. b. Going to get the material into their brains. See 'a' for why. c. Can only get better from here. As in ""nothing left to lose"" like supposes said. Genius!"
"So, people who aren't able or willing to parent shouldn't be allowed to have sex?"
He steps on the clutch
I miss the plasticy coolers with the red fan and transparent casing. GPUs look pretty edgy these days.
The kids will be so excited to meet him!
Did you apply for workers comp? Nasty cut!
What's the TL;DR for 2016?
Sadly they disbanded early this year.
Fix the scrolling in chat please! Please please please! Fix the scrolling in chat! This is so annoying that it hasn't been fixed since day one
"Since HARM is all caps it must be an acronym. What do you all think it stands for? I'm guessing Harold And Raymond's Maleficence. Please, prevent those two from being jerkwads to people with respiratory issues."
"Yeah, that might've been the case if the damage on it wasn't so extremely highly tuned and the attack speed wasn't so implicitly high. No one could've seen that coming."
"not sure I fully understand the question haha. The gamez2much name was something I randomly started using awhile ago because I felt the name was true. Shortly after Mooki and I started working together we created Modz2much and she converted her username to follow suit. We're hoping to convert Rain into Rainz2much soon, fingers crossed."
This Mac Pro is strange. It's a pseudo 64-bit. 64bit OS but only supports 32bit EFI.
Freeze is an OP combo deck.
And it turns out that Game of Thrones was really MedievalWorld this whole time.
"&lt;------ Number of people filtering The_Donald the fuck out of r/all. Whine all you want, Trumpets. Just stay in your corner."
Why dont we just implement presets while were at it.
What is your best friend like?
"We'll recoup this lost productivity this afternoon, we swear."
Three of my cats died in less than a month! And we arent entirely sure why.
"I see your favorite fake David Blaine clip, and I raise you my favorite real David Blaine clip"
"The Misdirection of American Angst 70% of American adults are overweight or obese and there's a pretty healthy opiate epidemic going on, not to mention 1/4 of adults binge drinking. This destructiveness to individual bodies is being projected out, assisted by the Internet, onto a variety of things to be angry at -- government, corporations, media, Trump, Hillary, etc. Start inside. Get your shit together, individual American citizens. Then you can make better choices."
"It's not exactly a revamp. ""Ageing cables, lead pipes, wiring and boilers will be replaced, many for the first time in 60 years, owing to fears about potential fire and water damage."" ""The Treasury said an ""urgent overhaul"" of the palace was needed to prevent the risk of fire, flood and damage to both the building and the priceless Royal Collection of art belonging to the nation."" It's essential works to a building that draws in 500k tourists a year and is a big part of British history."
Nah. They have a symbiotic relationship.
Its by John Cross - he's one of the best connected people in the media within Arsenal...
Did the mask Eva Levante is selling change today? Vendor stuff is down on the app and I'm at work and bored and curious. Didn't see it anywhere on reddit yet so figured I'd ask.
OPM Update #104 - 68th Punch
Did Hillary actually win the popular vote?
I see what you did hair
Isn't troll a class in world of warcraft? That game you play 24/7 resulting in low T and no confidence? lmk just curious son ;p
"art is in the eye of the beholder. i personally think this is gorgeous, but to each their own"
"Kanye West: I didn't vote but if I did, 'I would have voted for Trump"
"TIL If you get the Z Saber in Mega Man X3 without acquiring any buster upgrades you get a non-projectile version of it which charges way faster but still does the same massive damage. Couldn't find this written anywhere online and just tried it myself on 3DS for the first time. I truly hate the buster upgrade in X3. The first shot always comes out slow and forces you to stop dead in your tracks if you're touching the ground, AND the combination spreadshot has very limited applications (it just looks cool for the most part). X2's buster upgrade was so perfect (RIP). So this time I decided to skip it and the gold armor. I am SO GLAD I did. Turns out once you off Zero for his saber without a buster upgrade it now instantly charges as soon as you charge a level 3 shot allowing you to decimate bosses in record time! Its range is very limited and it's not a projectile anymore, but boy it's much faster than suffering through the agonizing seconds it takes to charge up with the upgrade. This may be common knowledge, sorry if it is, but again, I couldn't find this particular detail anywhere else. Just thought I'd share."
k
"Fucking dabbing, fucking Mannequin Challenge... just score a goal and celebrate like you're happy instead of doing some stupid meme like you're 12 years old. Fucking Depay hasn't scored a proper goal in a year, finally scores one and proceeds to stand there frozen like a dickhead."
"Does right of way vary much from country to country though? Roundabouts (or as we call them, traffic circles) are much rarer here in the US but the people already in the circle still have the right of way, the rules are the same."
If only Barnidge could catch
"No puppet, no puppet! You lot are as shit at insulting as your dumbdick choice for president."
Trump says moderators shouldn't fact-check
"Yep. The Church saves $40 million/year by not paying someone to clean the churches. ""Make the tithe payers do it for free instead""."
"""We're finally considered on the same level as whites!"" -*""But people hate the whites....""*"
MacBook(pro)(air) tip: Do not try to use you iPad as a Flat surface for your laptop because it will cause your computer to go to sleep.
so a full rookie team who end up to worlds and almost win against this TSM is a bad things. I dont understand you.
Lol this is a great story.
No one ever asked.
Devils Fun Fact: The New Jersey Devils are winless when Jon Merrill is in the lineup They are 8-3-3 without him
Not fair. Spanish teams are weaker. Hazard would score more there.
My grandma had this picture of Jesus hanging in her house as long as I could remember
"Just some casual racism, no big deal"
We must distinguish between choices and race. Race is not a choice. Religion is a choice. Let the discussion proceed with that fact in mind.
"Was the second pic also a dick pic? It looks like it's an outside shot. If so, ugh someone call the cops. Think if the children"
"If you are talking about the vehicle with the flashing light that's a garbage truck, not a police vehicle."
"Excluding race, religion, or gender, which people do you not like?"
Best X-Wing blog on the net. There I said it.
Life hack for teachers/anyone who has to do loads of typing at this sunny time of the year!!!
The 13 Course Modern Kaiseki Menu from n/naka
Won't happen since playstation has exclusivity rights to certain things. For example exotic weapons that only appear in playstation games. By allowing accounts to be accessed across all three platforms would allow for someone to get a gun exclusive to ps and use it on xbox/pc where it isn't available and potentially gain an unfair advantage since that weapon isn't available to players who just play on that console. It won't happen.
nunu is kinda boring but its funny how u take 0 dmg but u deal 0 dmg so yeah sucks
Why are you a Manchester United fan?
I'm cool with that.
Oh that's nice. Must be hard living with all that old carpet around..
"You can drop signal boyes, but I guess after dropping 10 of them your HUD is full of stuff.. I wish I could do some underwatermapping with the sonar from the seamoth. Creating a map which saves POI. Would really add to the immersion of the explorer seamoth."
So... why not just skill up the Grodin...
A spy so good she's been stealing the ceiling without anyone knowing ...
TIL a Bronze Age burial site about 5 miles from Stonehenge was discovered by a badger.
Should be end of 2018 - September 2019 I guess. Looking forward to see what engine he picks..
UN Report: Robots Will Replace Two-Thirds of All Workers in the Developing World
"why round 255 is max zombie round also for those of you that are curious as to why 255 is the highest round I'll explain that right now call of duty games in games in general are coded with C sharp and c++ if you know what that is that's okay C++ and C sharp gets their values using hexadecimal coding and in hexadecimal coding it's 1298 to F F being the strongest value you can see on screen and hexadecimal is in force lots of two so for example like 0000 0000 but they can be any combination up to the highest combination of FF FF FF FF hopefully you guys are following this 255 is f so what would one section of the greatest value F F is 255 which means when they coded this game and they set the round limit they only set the value to the highest single number that you can achieve in hexadecimal coating which is f I have given you the number 255 I have tried to end around 255 but all that happens is it gives me the 1,000 points for ending the round and it goes back to 255 people see this often with the trends that rounds get back in the day and this is the explanation explaining why the round doesn't go to 256 something for you glitchers out there who have achieved lots of kills in a game and wondered why after a while you see your kills go back down to zero or like you know if you have a high around like 130 is plus while you're back at like you know couple thousand kills the reason why that is because your kills reset on your scoreboard at 65535 the reason for this is when they set the cap of kills you can achieve on your scar on your scoreboard in a game 65535 they only coated that to two sections of the highest value so f F F F in hexadecimal coating gives you the value of 65535 this is just for people who have asked me this question many times is likewise the highest round cap"
"""Dear so called Grand Tour..."""
they can overthrow their governments all they want-- it won't stave off systemic fishery collapse in the east.
"Sorry I could not get past her strawmaning or cherry picking of Prof Petersons position. He mostly is against being forced to use made up bullshit pronouns rather than them happening organically (which I have seen him say in vids more than once), so that leads to one of a couple conclusions...Dishonesty, stupidity, ideological opinions passed as facts or just inability to listen. And frankly I am sliding towards a combo of ideological opinions passed as facts or dishonesty."
"That's a super shallow assumption. Kanye is a black entertainment artist - pretty much the last type of individual on earth you'd expect to endorse Trump. But the same people who think Kanye is an asshole like that about Trump too. They both have balls. Trump has balls to stand up to Washington and be politically incorrect, and Kanye has balls to support Trump. It's not that they ""support"" Kanye now, they simply have a new respect for him and are clearly forgiving which is more than I can say for liberals. But that's typical of liberals. When the right forgives they're ""inconsistent and have no integrity"". When they don't, they're inconsiderate, uncompassionate douchebags."
Not enough games in an NFL season to really judge which teams are actually the best.
"What is this, Zombies?"
"Fun fact, on Persona 4, a character named Kanji was voiced by Troy Baker. In future versions that had the character Kanji in them, they had Matt Mercer voice him because he could nearly perfectly imitate Troy Baker's voice, and Troy Baker was doing other things so he couldn't do it. So even though you're getting downvoted, you are right in that they can sound a lot alike."
What do you believe but have ZERO proof of?
What do you do regularly that your SO doesn't know about?
This is not an unpopular opinion
"So much US money spent on killing...reduce defence spending and spend more on health, education and job creation (of the non-violent kind of job!)"
A triple upload! beat that scarce.
Best place in Seattle?
Laine one-timer from Scheifele like it was meant to be
Civil Engineer in construction management. Job demand? I currently live in San Francisco and planning to transfer to SJSU from a CC. Major civil engineer planning to go into construction management. I heard from a few of my friends and family that CM is not as highly in demand in Bay area compared to cities. Which cities will have the most demand in CM.
Lol I would too. The amount of bullshit this guy has had to go through to be president for free. You people are like his spoilt and obnoxious teenage children.
Who the fuck downloads entire albums?
I don't remember the last time I saw such a long match. Let alone one like that. Nicely done Krizz.
"""We fuck your wives at home"" Is someone fucking his wife? Is he worried protestors are fucking local wives? As someone who lives in ND, people sure do have a hard on for this pipeline."
What's something you can get cheap and everybody should have?
Looks like I got a new TE! Supernaw!!!
Ya and your the kind of stupid that thinks he's smart
"Reading around it seems I'll end up on Fedora sooner or later. But on this laptop I would want something more stable and easier to use, not so bleeding edge."
"Random is a pretty cool guy, and Patton is a pillar of the community."
Should I start Barnidge vs. Ravens or Antonio Gates vs. The Jags? .5 PPR
"Thanks, broseph"
"Those were some of my problems. When scenes went from focusing on the foreground to background and vice versa the form would go absurdly out of focus. At any given time the image was probably 10% in focus. I've seen some well done 3D movies recently. I'm just hoping people save their money and don't go see this one, the negatives far outweigh any positives. If someone had a different experience, please, let me know. I may try it again because my Force Awakens experience was so good."
"On climate change and the economy, we're trapped in an idiotic netherworld | Greg Jericho"
Can't wait for Marchand to have one small/common mistake and then everyone complains that he shouldn't play first line.
Then we find out that humans are the product of some previously unknown intelligent race mixing two species together in a unethical experient. And Adam and Eve were the equivalent of them and a chimp and humans were the product :P
"modern feminism has been taken over by sjws, sorry."
I found an uterus headed creature. I shall call it a Fallopalope
What is its cargo?
Then you'd be doing yourself a disservice. How about actually thinking about why he came to that conclusion just as 47.1% of Americans did too. Kanye went so far against the grain tonight and it was magical. He refuses to be what you want him to be. He will only be himself and I could respect nothing more.
"Actually, it's almost like this ""ABC news election tracking poll"" doesn't seem to reflect reality. Kind of like how all the media polls said Britain would *never* leave the EU..."
Thanks I habe tons of tickets so its np
"But Dez hasn't thrown a once in a lifetime opportunity down the drain... But yeah, Wonderlic test."
Ace of the mountain ACTIVE: Kills the entire enemy team Can be used while dead
"I don't think so, yellow wouldn't look as good with my car."
What type of person actually takes one to know one?
TRASH TALK THREAD: IT'S X-MAS DAY AND THE WOLVES ARE YOUR MARQUEE MATCHUP
"Where do you rank the Lakers young core? Russel, Randle, and Ingram are all top 7 picks, Ingram being one of the best wing scorers to be drafted in years. Where do you rank them among the young cores in the league?"
"I wish it was ignorance. There's no way he doesn't know who these people are. A simple web search would do. He obviously searched for ""most racist politicians"" and ""politicians that want to destroy the environment"" for his cabinet picks."
Im playing now. He is definetly grass/flying
"Joe Scarborough: 'Americans Just Turn Off The Media,' 'Stop Listening'"
"The container is a small trash can for feminine hygiene products and toilet paper as their plumbing isn't equipped to handle the constant flushing of TP. This toilet is for both #1 and #2 (although men's restrooms would also have urinals). It is meant to be squat over. I believe the elevated steps are to add privacy, so that people wouldn't be able to see your bottom if someone happened to look under the door."
That guy must have been freezing his ass off. Who the hell wears an unzipped fleece in the middle of winter?
Give me Mike Elgin vs Shibata for the never belt please.
Wait how could you believe both of those things at the same time? Do they envision us as disc world?
LeTV Le Pro 3 boasting 6Gb RAM 64GB Storage SD821 for $380. Any reason to avoid this phone?
"No, not at all, once its in the bladder you are (usually) home free. It just shot out of me like a rocket but no pain after it hit the bladder. Your urethra is much larger than your ureters are"
"Can, and should, Obama force through Garland? And if so, what happens? Obviously this would create a significant amount of political turmoil. But what happens if Obama says: ""The Senate has foregone their constitutional requirement to hold a hearing to honor the President's appointments. If they have no objections, then I will now appoint Merrick Garland to the Supreme Court."" Garland goes and tries to hear court cases an act as a Supreme Court Justice from then on out. What would be the reaction? Immediately obvious would be *substantial* push back by Republicans in the Senate, and such a disagreement would likely lead to the nuclear option and an end to Democratic filibusters. But that might happen regardless of Obama's actions. Would the other Supreme Court justices accept Garland, or refuse him? What happens when Trump comes to power and tries to replace him? Do the other Supreme Court justices accept this, or try to limit this action? If he does succeed in replacing Garland, does this have any potential to have him try and remove other justices for disagreements with him and would those efforts work?"
Final Poll to End all polls - Did Trump win the popular vote?
"Did he then put the legislation up for sale as authentic autographed memorabilia? If not, your post is without merit."
That or he's asking where the poo goes... It's probably your suggestion.
"Men of Reddit, what do you want for Christmas?"
LMPD has jokes
I used to have the same car. A 2007
Tbf he's probably called our OL stuff like that in practice more than once.
"I'm trying to avoid being too reactionary, but I'm starting to wonder if Coach Malone is the right man for the job. It just feels like he doesn't quite know what to do with this roster. Rotations are seemingly pulled out of a hat, guys are playing 14 straight minutes then sitting entire halves, our efficient players barely touch the ball while inefficient guys iso and chuck, we lose any semblance of an offensive system late in games, we turn the ball over like crazy, and our defense sucks. I know we're young. I know it's a long season. But nothing about the way the Denver Nuggets have played this year has inspired any confidence in Michael Malone's ability to gameplan, distribute minutes, or adjust on the fly. He just hasn't done a good job this year so far, even disregarding wins and losses. I'm still rooting for him, but I'm less certain that he'll succeed than I was in September."
Superman Knows How to Make American Great Again
Is there a vod of this yet?
"I seriously wish I got paid 200,000+ a year to constantly say I am quitting my job. If Amber pulled ANY of this crap (physically attacking co workers, bitching about her job on the internet) in the real world, she would be fired right away. She is a felon (not judging, just saying) with no work experience. What other job can she possibly think she is qualified for?....Sorry for the rant. I am up late trying to figure out how to pay for Christmas presents and this really irritated me."
"You could walk the entirety of this 2,500 kilometer-long line that stretches halfway cross Canada without seeing virtually any signs of humanity such as roads, towns or settlements. Canada is big, folks."
"We'll be fine if we only teach them how to love, and only teach them how to love people. Can't let them love doing anything (or else they might develop a love for torture / murder / assembling new murderbots / rewriting their AI / etc.), and we can't let them feel anything but ennui and love."
"It counts *every* win, not just ranked. Ever played brawl/casual/arena? You probably got your gold ages ago."
Representing the 'Boys on Battlefield 1 on Xbox One!
She totally believed it too...
"They say ""not user serviceable"" for a reason. I know what I'm doing around PC hardware, and I will always toss a PSU that starts acting up or fails rather than trying to repair it. Its just not worth it. The average user can get a new PSU on Newegg for their computer for like $30 after rebate for a good 500W PSU (I just built a computer. Paid $29.99 after rebate for a 500W 80PLUS Bronze fully modular PSU)"
"I'm in the same exact situation. I've spent my entire adult life here so I don't really know what else is out there. I've had plenty of west coach recruiters contact me, but the majority of them say my salary requirements aren't in line with what's normal out there. Houston and Texas is just a way too cheap place to live!"
"I'm sorry, but the fingers you have used to dial, are too fat. Goodbye."
Mike Pence Is Being Relentlessly Mocked For Taking Quite Possibly The Whitest Selfie Ever
When you're playing on rookie to get your player better
Rings her door-bells
Donald Trump promises he will not give the White House a makeover when he becomes president
"No, it's just the old tactic of giving the public something easy to focus on (That they'll inevitably back track on after ""accepting the change in the public mood"") instead of the far more important boring political stuff that we won't talk about around the water cooler. Rule 143: When a government implements a policy that grabs headline attention that wasn't in their manifesto, it's there to distract you from something far more important."
Unpopular opinion: Basketball is fun
"Infinity Ward should place the default classes at the bottom of the Class list I shouldn't have to waste time scrolling through the class list to pick my custom class, it would be okay if I can scroll up to get to my class quicker but I can't."
It appears the ToS has been updated.
A large bed with my wife?
WTF Michigan
Something I've noticed about Brexit leaders
"All i saw was Ultron running around and Barry following behind by mere seconds. And he's all ""I'm savitard, god of being able to run fast, you punk."" (But yes i did see that back-breaking scene.) And what about the cocoon wally turns into?"
"I doubt it'd be Barry's mom. She's too young of an actress to play Joan. Joan should be a grandmother figure to the flash family, not a milf"
Does it freeze with the screen off?
Did he just get caught by a linebacker...?
My wife and I are left handed. Seeing her try to light the gas fireplace with her right hand is minutes of hilarity. If she tried to shoot herself with her right hand she would miss her whole body and probably shoot the neighbors cat.
Sorry I have no interest in xdevil
"Taxis are the only ones that can legally take cash for rides, they are the only ones that can be hailed immediately from the street. Ride share passengers must use the app for both hailing, and payment. The police set up sting operations to catch ride share drivers that violate these laws. A typical sting may go something like this. A distraught woman approaches a marked ride share vehicle, possibly claiming a relative in the emergency room, then offers cash for a ride. If the driver accepts the offer, a uniformed officer will reveal them self from nearby to cite you for the infraction."
"Ah yes, because women having sex is wrong -_-"
yeah but they're both bad because emails
"If money was part of the issue then the same could be said for cocaine and heroin, big money makers. It isn't though because these things will kill you if abused which isn't the case for marijuana."
"Well, that seems so obvious on re-reading, except for not having known ""overwatch"" was a game lol"
I'm not an idiot you know : /
why be condescending? i dont think that my comment was acting like a smartass and was just informing him of something small.
Pretty sure you've heard more biased news radio than npr.
"Seriously Boone county is so against roundabouts. I used to live in Lebanon, and they constructed one off of Indianapolis avenue, and everyone lost their damn mind when it was announced. ""We aren't carmel"" everyone said. Yes, I know. But maybe some things that work for Carmel can work in other places. I swear that town is like stepping back in time."
What skills this year are actually useful and worth using in matches? I used to use a lot of ball roll and reverse body feint last year but they seem so laggy this year and don't seem to make as much space. I wanted to know which moves you guys have been having success with. For me the only thing I can seem to get consistent results with is fake and top shots/passes.
TIL Mike Trout is a God
Not better than Britton who's sporting a cool 0.00 ERA.
"no, this is how you play PoE right."
"No but it seems you are. If you backup your fucking save then when your current save breaks, just revert to your backup, clean save, you idiot. Explain through your mouth, not your ass; no one wants to hear you fart."
"This morning with confused looks I was asked ""what fraternity is that?"""
Can a catapult write a symphony? Can a catapult turn a canvas into a beautiful masterpiece?
DAMN JACKIE! I CAN'T CONTROL THE WEATHER!
Well that's one way to waste money each month.
Het is hier droog en het valt ook wel mee met vochtigheid. Wat vind je daar nou van?
"Yeah, but *why*?"
"Education really is a long-term investment : more skilled workers, less poverty &amp; unemployment, less crimes, more chances for one of us to come up with cool new innovations or some life-changing treatment, better leaders to manage our community. People who don't like paying for the education of others must think each person lives in their own personal bubble otherwise they'd understand how much we rely upon other people for ... pretty much everything I guess, even the people who taught *us* were taught by other people and the cost of our own education financed by other families, even if they hated it at the time."
By compelling you mean just severe controlling mother issues. Then yes.
"Lol nope just a genuine 2 plus year Chromecast user who was sick of it. Its nice to have an interface and dedicated remote and Kodi... I've bought like 5 Chromecast over my life between gf, parents, 2 friends and myself, but I'm over it. You may be able to even see my post history in this sub documenting my pain"
There are two types of Doze in Android Nougat. 'Light' Doze and 'deep' Doze. 'Light' Doze is triggered as soon as the device's display is turned off. It limits battery drainage somewhat but still allows most background services to sync. 'Deep' Doze waits for around 30 minutes after the last movement before engaging. It disables all on-the-fly syncing and bundles it together in 1-2 hour intervals. This is from my recollections of changelog articles when Nougat developer previews came out early this year.
Redsnow was my first (real) experience in jailbreaking. My actual first experiance was with green poision. But I will always remember the code running down my screen and the pineapple showing on the device....
"It affects just about everything in some way. I'm not an expert economist or anything but I would say it would effect other economies because of a stronger dollar. for example, other countries importing goods from the U.S would have to pay more for them, and it would be cheaper for us to import goods. It would make the price of gold and other commodities decrease because investors would put their ""trust"" in the US dollar instead of commodities."
Just buy new things when you're at Port.
"Idk, if you have a habit of drinking cold brew you're more likely to drink good coffee, in which case he might actually care enough to drink with hot milk. He's got his shit together as a person, I don't think it's unreasonable to think he might use some extra time in his day to heat his milk. On the other hand, yeah, he probably just drinks it black"
This is a weird-ass request lol
"If you tell them to leave but just exit out of the menu without picking a place, they'll go back there. Also if you abandon them (tell them to stop somewhere and then leave for ~3 days) they'll always go back to their original place. I think this is broken for the courser companion though."
More fake news. There is no Global Warming. The science deniers on the far left are just ratcheting up the propaganda now that thinking people realize it's been a fraud all along.
'Logan' Official Trailer
"It's almost as if they're both saying the same thing, and voting for either of them was a bad idea. I'm shocked."
Umm I love armpits.
"Intergalactic Aerospace Expo, Day Two: RSI"
Eat. Pray. Cum.
"""An unmet player has finished building the world wonder Stonehenge"" three times so far... I'm curious what kind of bug this is? Are multiple people allowed the same wonder? Is it giving the same message for different wonders? Only time will tell.."
"I've said it to more ""race realists"" than I can count and it bares repeating here - ""statistical truth"" can be just about whatever we want it to be, depending on which variables we decide to measure/decide to leave out and how we categorize them"
Pence: 'We will absolutely accept the result of the election'
"You people don't deserve a ""safe space"""
"If something is not halal, is it automatically haram?"
"The ""*two* superpowers"" lol wtf."
Look at my new boat!
I'm curious if they'll still get pissy once they don't get a new blue sticker.
Yeah like chopping off a thumb.
"Do you really expect a high level Dragonite (one of the best pokemon in the game) to be easy to catch, though?"
The Mike Stoops Trophy Given to the team that scores the most cumulative points on offense each season.
"If he flies into walls and such I'd say that clipping his wings is a better option. I clipped mine like 2 months ago, his wings still didn't grow back :(, I won't clip him again."
Serbia: Orthodox priests spiritually cleansing the square after Gay pride parade
I made this.
"Yeah, didn't get a good look at Pops so I don't know either. Someone mentioned Rigby was from Akira, I caught the Mordecai/Han Solo, Muscle Man/Doctor Zaius, and Eileen &amp; Rigby in the Star Trek uniforms. I didn't get Skips alt costume with the flannel."
Donald Trump told a massive lie about what happened to Mike Pence at the Hamilton show
"Me neither, at least that I could remember"
Biden is at it again
Eva inspired bike I painted
"A bit like a non-premium, cheap Sepulcher of Evil."
More Canadian graffiti
When does my snowboard expire? I bought it in 2010 and still ride it. Will I die this year if I take it to the mountain?
"Torture and illegal detention does that to people, I hear."
"Two years ago today, the Giants lost"
"LOL @Broken I wonder who else you could add, maybe: * Suke Lkywalker * Rameses A * Mr. Bag * Relatively Normal-speed Fun * Smore * Tut Tut Dad * 7 Grand Hours Dad * Slurpee * Cookie Monster * Backdoor * CAPTYN * Releasebitz * Unlike Mars * Clean Video * Purgberg"
"Oh wow I didn't even think of that... ""HILLARY! Get in the damn bunker! What are you going to do, throw a rock at his M4A1 with 16x optic??"" ""Damn it Bill, if only we had a gun to protec--"" *[collectively in defeated voices]*: ""fuck..."""
I just read Mark Webbers autobiography and i understood how hard it must have been for Robert to get into F1. And then how easy he lost it. But it was his choice and i miss his presence a lot in F1.
"Really expensive purses. Why would you want to flaunt a $1500 purse? It scream ""steal me"""
People who don't like people who are clapping at concerts
"The American Who Would Impeach Pope Francis, if Only He Could"
One of them asked the Navy tour guide if they could wait a moment to leave so they could finish taking photos.
My 1276cal day
Dogs Take On Cobra
My full waifu squad
He do
"Did he really not know that being ruthlessly shit on 24/7 is one of the main jobs of the president? You are now America's squishy stress ball, Don Don. You asked for this."
Pipkippy special with a BIG finale
TIL Bill Gates' net worth is four and a half times as large as North Korea's estimated GDP
I really do think it's insane that Snapchat added a speed function. Sigh.
I spent 30 hours this week making a more thematically appropriate version of the Westworld Theme.
Does Parallel Space app works to have two games?
The point must also come last. So your asshole doesn't slam shut
"OK, but after that, the pivot, right?"
"Desperate To Collect Income Tax, India Will Now Give Bronze, Silver, Gold Certificates Congratulating Taxpayers"
"netpastor la sucesion, Y si hacemos un lugar a los tanques y agregamos un MOD tanquino a el sub?"
"Can we agree the new Multi-class category is unnecessary and Blizzard should just merge Varian with Warrior group ? as tittle, I think it's just redundant, we always see Sonya as a bruiser ie. a tanky melee assassin, why not just put Varian in the same spot (to simplify or avoid more confusion?)"
Little English girl absolutely adores acceleration
I feel this could be misinterpreted to one in a million
Gaza! looks like actual hell on earth.
Which ones?
"Quite possible, it's mostly black males who are shot more by police."
"Disgusting that the chiefs wanted to suppress this obvious fact. The minister should come out and tell us the other part of the equation - 90% of the 70% were killed by partners or family. Perhaps now we can get to the business of lifting these people up and solving this problem, rather than trying to pretend it's someone else."
"How are gun rights established to erode the rights of black people? If you mean by defending ourselves against their crimes, then ya we are eroding the fuck out of their rights. No. Just because homeboy doesnt have a record still doesnt mean he'll buy $500 glock to committ a crime, his name will be recorded by the dealer privately, so in the incident a crime is committed with it, the serial number will be traced to his purchase when the law gets a warrant to see who bought the gun. Criminals get their guns cheap and off the streets. Youre not hearing me, criminals dont need to go to Indiana to get cheap guns off the street, they can do it in Chicago. Its not hard to understand. Just because the law in Chicago has strict gun regulations, doesnt negate the fact that they exist otherwise, neither does Indiana having more relaxed gun laws. It seems your knowledge on guns is limited and your knowledge of black people is even more so, being that you live in Alaska."
Bangladesh on the way to become another Pakistan.
(Australia) Target having a massive sale for games this weekend! What are you picking up?
"The Failing NYT says The_Donald is ""running out of steam"" while their own profits drop by over 95%"
".......................,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,, ^^ They dropped these"
...Who's the fifth?
"Agreed, I always root for a UM loss. Even in bowl games."
It depends. My dad did this in India and the area got gentrified and the property is now worth 15x what he originally paid.
No. Just because I may have a cunt name doesn't make me a cunt person.
"I mean he was absolutely brilliant for them but don't diminish the impact Mahrez, Vardy, Wes Morgan and their fullbacks had. In fact all of their team last year deserve huge praise."
How's your life like after discovering Reddit?
"Shit, Cuomo made it very clear. Comply with gun control 'voluntarily' or suffer 'death by a thousand cuts'. They can't legislate, so they litigate. Legal theory my lily white ass... it was a legalized protection racket funded by taxpayer money."
He wasn't even in this episode. The voice recording barley sounded like him.
it feels really aimbotty to me.
I Expect You To Die opening credits is amazing Can we all take a moment and talk about how amazing the opening credits is? I can't get the track out of my head. I've been searching for the song everywhere and a video to show people but it's not talked about or posted anywhere. Beautiful opening credits to a great game. Bravo Schell Games!
Also the fact that manufacturing competitors like Germany and Japan are no longer reeling from post WWII economic hardship. And we're now part of a global economy. It's just not possible to put that genie back in the bottle.
"""Why do we pay our football players more than our teachers and doctors?"" It's almost as if there is this thing called supply and demand. There is a very high demand for QBs who can play on a national stage, and only 20-25 people in the world who can do it."
Okay haha thanks I'm all new to this.
"He sells the recipes and an additional item. The additional item randomly selected from a list. Almost every item on the list is garbage, but there is a unique turtle mount that can be bought for 150 coins."
"G0d doesn't real! LEAVE ME ALONE FUNDIES! Holy shit. My mom came into my room to bring me a plate of chicken nuggets and I literally screamed at her and hit the plate of chicken nuggets out of her hand. She started yelling and swearing at me and I slammed the door on her. I'm so distressed right now I don't know what to do. I didn't mean to do that to my mom but I'm literally in shock from the results tonight. I feel like I'm going to explode. Why the fucking fuck are they losing? This can't be happening. I'm having a fucking breakdown. I don't want to believe the world is so corrupt. I want a future to believe in. I want atheism to grow. I cannot fucking deal with this right now. It wasn't supposed to be like this, I thought they were supposed to convert the funDIES???? This is so fucked."
"Cry me a river. Sincerely, A Cowboys fan who listened to this narrative about Romo for a decade. Often enough from cheeseheads until the last couple of years."
We been struggling in that position ever since.
Best feature in 7.00 yet
"It was so unbelievable seeing them walk out of Starbucks. There's only one person in the world who likes Will Swan, and when I immediately saw him, I was so in awh. Haha."
If you read these comments you'd think the only change apple made was getting rid of the headphone jack.
Megan Salinas | Slutty Sorority Contest
"Sorry, I get them confused. Ambitious, historically vindicated slightly unhinged polymathic weirdo who everyone seems to love now even though he isn't the *only* or even first guy in his field? Sounds like a Tesla to me."
"People keep saying Trump is going to start world war 3, but every time he meets a world leader they say they are impressed and confident in his leadership lol."
"Personal Battlestation. Nothing too fancy, but it works."
"I might get flamed for this but, IMO Sombra was heavily balanced when she reached live, such so that she was ready to be played in competitive. Mixed in with the other changes set in, comp feels more balanced than ever, and it feels like everyone including her has a shot (except certain classes on certain occasions) in helping their team win."
Gmae Thread: Titans @ Colts The Colts host the Titans as they come off their bye week and hope to keep up the momentum from their win over the Packers 2 weeks ago. This gmae is a must win for both teams. Who will prevail?
GTA V with mods is extremely realistic looking.
"Hate to say it but the way our season is going, I wouldn't be surprised if that happens lol"
How about the severely mentally ill?
Hopefully won't be too long until we can get some NA servers up and running - a few weeks at most.
This is fake. I don't see a Huntsman spider anywhere in the picture.
Yasuo?
They show tier twelve gear?
"On the other hand, these days a large part of the population aren't buying the shit of the rioters."
"I could be wrong, but I thought these dudes had six shooters. Im pretty sure muskets (I assume you were thinking of muskets) weren't what people carried around day to day in what we would typically think of as the 'wild west'. Really not sure though, maybe someone who knows more on this can chime in."
TIFU by letting my dog sleep on the bed with me.
Pyramid
String Bell finally graduates!
"I'm actually just waiting for republicans to eliminate Obamacare and implement Trumpcare, which will bare almost an identical resemblance to Obamacare minus a few regulations. I can see it happening. I see a similar fate to the TPP."
Yeah but wait until they play a real defense.
Sleeping with your teacher
The Game as well. Harvard-Yale
"I love when these neoliberal progressives think they're morally and mentally superior to the far left, yet don't understand that the state uses fear and intimidation constantly against us. You cannot stoop down to the level of your oppressors. You cannot gain anything from asking people with so much power ""pretty please"" or with petitions that lack any aggression of any sort or threat behind them - whether that's by things like strikes to stop their gain of profit, or a show that you're not afraid to defend yourself and others."
L'Enfant Terrible?
Please put the speed of the video in .25 and see how my bullets didn't register.
People keep asking this question and this always the only answer there is. Like what they expect? Aim for his shoelaces?
"Armoured Skeptic had his Kubo and the Two Strings review taken down via copyright strike and is unable to take it to court because, ya know, corporate lawyers. Reviews are protected speech and Universal Studios has NO RIGHT to take down the review."
Remeber when Houston said the refs were against them
Yis
H2h tournament (xb1) Alright for those that would be interested in a h2h tournament with an elite badge buy in. Just trying to gauge how many would be interested in something like this. My current format idea of it would be groups of 4 where everyone plays 1-2 games vs everyone in their bracket. Then move on to single elimination top 4 players get prizes. Thoughts or interested comment here.
I interviewed a guy from a large software consultancy company in the UK. I asked him why he was leaving. When he went to book his holiday he was asked to delay it because the group he was in were working on a major project. So he agreed. When the project was done he went to rebook his holiday time. He was told it had now expired. So he wouldn't get his holiday.
"Also, I can't be the only one who immediately thinks of that jet ski bit from that comedian that reddit hates."
"Woah, he guessed it! ...Wait what...?"
I love playing against Trappers that KNOW where all the bugged/underground trap spots are. It's so much fun actually getting surprised by a trap and having a high chance for that bugged trap to them bug me out and make me unable to be interacted with!
"Every seven years, your body has no cells that were present seven years ago"
Multi axis machining with a desktop CNC
Oh boi I'm a millennial I want life advise
"Encino Man- Robyn would have never gotten with Dave, it was a classic hollywood happy ending. I just watched Encino Man (on Netflix) Staring Brendan Frasier, Sean Astin and Pauly shore and have a real problem with the ending. Dave is obsessed over Robyn, the ""girl next door"", he constantly hits on her even though she has a BF, keeps old photos of when they were kids, and finds any excuse to be around her. Throughout the whole movie Robyn never gives any inclination that she sees Dave as more than just a friend even turning down his ""one phone call"" from jail prom proposal. She is nice to him throughout the whole movie, but it is obvious she is not romantically interested in him. However at the end of the movie when Dave sticks up for Link and defends him being a cave man something is supposed to magically change in Robyn where she loses interest in the free spirit Link, and becomes interested in Dave. Even allowing Dave to kiss her at his pool party. The whole movie is unrealistic to an insane degree, but its a fun little adventure. And for some reason Robyn's change of heart is more unbelievable than find a caveman and his counterpart stuck in ice and thawing them out. It's the classic Happy Hollywood Ending. Robyn should have stayed as a friend to Dave, and the ending could have been his self realization that what other think about him, is far less important on how he perceives himself."
How do you cut into ribbons?
But that doesn't disprove anything!
Plus the single player campaign was cut off from it.
He deserves to be in the world record for doing the least amount of work and getting the most money.
"I have never seen anything that indicates that Natsu could take out Galactus, Spectre or the Living Tribunal."
"Oh, you mean the places with jobs?"
Yes. That's the point... It's his comment but with opposite bias.
And you know he's gonna ball out for a fact how?
Truck Series Finish Did anyone else just see that? Last turn bumping and pushing. It seemed absolutely ridiculous. Custer leading into last turn and Nemechek crashed him out.
then play her and win ?
Bottle flip trick
Priebus on $25M settlement: Trump wanted no 'distraction' taking office
"I would say trump won it with his stamina, winning attitude, beautiful hair, and well spoken statements."
"+1 for ScreenConnect v6.0 On-Prem 1,000 connected hosts with around 10 active sessions at any given time. Running on a VM with 4 cores and 8GB of RAM, we've had very few issues."
"Enderal patch 1.1.5.3 is out! Minor patches aren't usually worth a post, but this one is what 1.1.5.1 should have been. It fixes three major errors introduced in 1.1.5.1: the broken merchant system, the broken Brave New World quest, and some slowdown due to broken scripts. As usual, (re)start the launcher to get the update! If you have saved your game with 1.1.5.1, the gold coins you carried were infected by a buggy script (causing, e.g., freezes in some mainquest parts). To fix them, use the console commands ""player.removeitem f 40000"" (as often as you need to get rid of all gold) and then ""player.additem f [whatever number of gold you've lost]"". Our apologies for the massive inconveniences."
What are the most popular theories?
Of course not.
In some respects the Civil War is still incredibly divisive.
I take it you just reuse Garchomp about 50 billion times.
Why would you assume otherwise?
Zibanejad injured -- It's horrible
"Game Thread: Calgary Flames (7-11-1) vs. Detroit Red Wings (8-9-1) **Drinking Game:** - Hathaway scores first NHL goal - Finish and fill - You member Gaudreau - be sad, 1 drink - Monahan takes a slap shot - 3 drinks - D. Hamilton/Bennett stick infraction penalty - 2 drinks - Brodie/Gio make an stretch pass - 2 drinks - Backlund/Frolik force a turnover - 1 drink - Ferland hits - 2 drinks - Engelland looks like a pylon - 2 drinks - Wideman fucks up - 1 drink - Fight - 3 drinks **Bonus:** * Ice the puck on the PP - 3 drinks * Puck over the boards, delay of game penalty - 2 drinks"
42
Nothing about this gif indicated that they're rich.
Yea what the fuck was that. This is why we just might need a coaching change
"I feel like she wasn't originally real, she wasn't a planned thing, and that once Blizzard heard about this big ARG, they were like ""Shit. Jeff, stall! Go, designers! We gotta get this out!"" And that's why we have amomentincrime."
Women of Overwatch (Fancy dress)
"They'd risk hitting US, French and British SoF if they were to do so, none of those countries will withdraw SoF just because Turkey asks."
"I wouldn't want to fight someone who has ""probably"" benefited long term from PEDs despite being off them now."
"I'll probably sell mine. I prefer showing off my white sleeved cables haha :) I'll let you know once I actually get them, i don't even know how much they'll charge for shipping yet"
"Yeah, perhaps this is one of those electronics retails stores with enough bandwidth to run a dozen HD video streams simultaneously."
Did Ukraine not happen?
Less than a year ago Sen. Jeff Sessions argued in favor of using religion as a reason to ban immigrants from entering the US. Yet the GOP claims to champion freedom of religion...
So whos winning the North this year?lions or vikings?
Of course! I'm sure they check me out too!
And those are?
"It's healthier than cigarettes and alcohol, so.."
The only salt I've ever used.
Civilian casualties as collateral damage are very different from intentionally torturing a helpless prisoner.
I'm thinking they're holding New-52 Superman and Lois.
And the hawks get their first win versus a Philadelphia professional football team this year
"Meh. Too me, SNL said it best. It's a race between the republican and Donald Trump. Had nothing to do with the lies spread, the investigations, the emails, Wikileaks, etc etc. And this is from someone that voted for her."
Clown Sightings in Hunter x Hunter (check the profile pictures ^^)
After endless attempts
My friend is a chef and he definitely grabs spaghetti out of boiling water with his hand to check if it's ready.
"Yeah but being angry is cool as long as you're a man. So technically it doesn't really count as being hormonal. I mean, if he's actually that angry there surely must be a good reason for it. Probably some naggy wife (on her period obvs) that pissed him off cause she asked him to do ~~his fair share of~~ housework"
"Budget Blowout, 24b deficit forecast due to weak wages, govt still going ahead with company tax break."
Istanbul shaken by massive blast
"Buck Weaver, one of the Black Sox, had 69 triples and 420 RBI in his career."
Made my stomach hurt
We need that wall otherwise Civil War will break out between OSRS and RS3 players.
What's an assault rifle?
What is something you do late at night that you never do during the day?
"My dad's girlfriend doesn't think I have BPD because she's ""seen people with BPD"" and ""I'm not like them."" Like, I'm sorry that I internalize a lot of my emotions, keep how I REALLY feel hidden from others, and don't have angry, crazy, screaming outbursts like the people you know who have it. Not everyone experiences it the same way. I wish she would understand that. She said the same thing about my bipolar disorder a while back too. I get that it makes it easier to understand mental illness through comparison to people who don't experience those same illnesses. But that doesn't mean the person you know is a poster child for said illness."
Super Bowl Era homie
why the fuck would I not want tabs
*Fuck* hibernate. That is all
I'm excited to find out what the next thing people use as their reason for not climbing more.
New teaser!
convince me you are not worse than the alt right or just b&amp; me and maintain your hugbox
no it's toyota
Oh man the shot of the campfire and the stars above. This game is going to be gorgeous.
All it does is flag you if you're charged with something. They don't actually check every day but they will know right away.
"Can confirm, in platinum league and had a khaimera on my team decide he wanted mid lane as soon as the match started so I (iggy) had to try and jungle"
"Support for EU rises since Brexit vote, survey shows"
"I have screamed so much random shit to people that weren't my friends and I thought they were. But the best was hugging a random chinese guy because he looked EXACTLY like my friend (I'm talking same clothes, same height, same hairstyle)"
Cayenne pepper. Works in the kitchen too
"I'm curious, not upset or confused at your opinion, but intrigued. If you hate ""fantasy shit"", what media DO YOU like? I ask because much of modern media is made up of the fantastical, and is ""made up""."
"Why is the nazi one in the center of the top, instead of in the right corner together with the other fascist one?"
Why aren't you in a relationship?
Hispanics cringe over Mike Pence's 'Mexican thing' remark at VP debate
The thread is not locked yet? Woah..... I should say something cool or controversial to rake in the easy karma. The xbox 1 S and the PS4 pro are a complete waste of money anyone buying one this holiday season is a sucker.
"Wow, your wife's head is about 5cm higher than the top of the couch in the second pic, it's amazing how much they grow."
"Have just tried about 10 public matches in a row; in every single one, at least one person was spinning constantly in spawn or moving slowly forward. Have people just given up on playing? These guys were all level 40+. The highest level player I've met in this game yet, level 71, was doing it. What the fuck? This is worse than AFK people. With them, there's hope they'll come back after a few minutes but these spinners obviously busted out the rubber bands for their analog sticks and fucked off elsewhere."
"Diplo had a concert in Jakarta then a concert in Islamabad in the same day. It's not unheard of to do this either, it's especially not hard to believe that Zedd could still perform a 30 minute set if that before flying to I believe Washington for his show."
How much more cucked would the left have to get to vote for another Clinton?
I will eat you
"Rape, medical reasons... Not every fetus is 'poor planning'."
"Johnny Depp, returns $2.80 for each $1 paid Will Smith, returns $5 for each $1 paid Channing Tatum, returns $6 for each $1 paid Will Ferrell, returns $6.50 for each $1 paid George Clooney, returns $6.70 for each $1 paid Adam Sandler, returns $7.60 for each $1 paid Mark Wahlberg, returns $9.20 for each $1 paid Leonardo DiCaprio, returns $9.90 for each $1 paid Julia Roberts, returns $10.80 for each $1 paid Bradley Cooper, returns $12.10 for each $1 paid At least he's making someone a buck 80"
"Fuck dating, skip straight to marraige. Unasked for foot rubs? Are you kidding me!"
"I think it's middle, top, bottom. Pretty ridiculous."
when RNG is against you
"Not sure why everyone wants to go to Mars. Venus is closer, larger, and warmer."
"I can't thank you enough for this response, it has really helped. Seriously, thank you so much."
All over the world right?
"If I put Road of Resistance at od 0 and cs 2 I would easily fc it. But if Riviclia does it it's impressive because ""oooh! the approach rate is slow! wow!"""
Embiid availability tonight? Anybody know if Jojo will be playing tonight? I wanna buy tickets to tonights game but I'd like to know if he will be playing or not.
"You can now urinate infinitely. Who can you 10/10? You have suddenly gained the ability to urinate without end. The strength of the stream is no stronger or weaker than an average session, but continues to flow unending until you will it so. You can stop at any time without any discomfort and begin just as easily as you would otherwise. What's the strongest character you can reliably 10/10?"
What are items you can buy from shops 16+ years old in the UK?
And navy
Wiping a disc on a reckless defender has never ended in a torn ACL though.
"I really hope we get a completely ruthless Vader in Rogue One, completely irredeemable at this point. I love the character when he's at his most villainous."
You are not a smart person
As long as it's Super Bowl Sunday then we're fine
Crouching mechanics is the true skill of this mode.
Meet &amp; Greet with Rep. John Lewis tonight 12/20/2016!
Are MGTOW peoples are like those defeated male Seals who can't win a woman seal by the battle ?
Republicans aren't the ones committing crimes.
Truck crash
Probably because he's an alcoholic.
"So, what about what he said after meeting with Obama?"
bcoin - A JavaScript library that does a lot of hard bitcoin things for you
"Do many people play MHGen? I've been playing it for a couple of days now and so far there doesn't seem to be loads of people playing it , I've played monster hunter since tri on the wii and I can remember when I'd search for hubs on each of the games there'd be pages upon pages, but for this one there doesn't seem to be many (when searching from HR 1 - 999 I found 3 pages worth) :( I am liking gen but I want more people to play with :/"
"I need some shows to binge. What do you recommend? I prefer shows like (Friends, Parks &amp; Rec, The Big Bang Theory, House of Cards, Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt). I hope I'm not breaking any sub rules with this question!"
"Just how the game was intended to be played? You're not any better by not doing it. If anything, you're just handicapping yourself, silly goose."
The only thing that should ever be used on is a lawn mower blade.
Fake Mechanic Prank
"Fellow Pedes, we are being brigaded (what else is new), you know what to do!!+!"
How the hell does this equate to having no skill lmfao.
Still need one? I got one for commenting but I didn't mean to get the key. I was waiting for someone to give it to. Let me know and ill pm ya
Or it was a joke and I would assume u/adhi- was joking as well.
I don't even
Also options: Ahnus Annus Anuus Anuss
Yup! It makes my chubby husband very happy!
"If I have the Lo Yang, is it worth keeping the Benson for competitive play?"
Only note I would add is the guns on the Blys have far better arcs than the US DDs and it can actually stealth fire effectively. Somewhere around 12km. Keep the range higher during engagements than you would normally in a Benson/Mahan.
I'm really happy that they confrirmed this.
Awesome. I have herpes. What do I get?
Number pmd
"Everything Dean Ambrose does inside the ring looks utterly fake. Sorry, i just can't get behind the guy. He has great in ring psychology, a great talker, awesome energy and has the look to make it in the WWE. But inside the ring, every punch, kick, rope move, movement, it just seems completely fake and forced. Two times during the match he did that stupid 2nd rope bounce. First, it never looks real, makes absolutely no sense and takes a stupid amount of preparation to even make the move while the opponent stands there waiting for him to do it. By far the worst move in his arsenal. Every other moves just seems so... fake, like he's a bad physical actor, when i am watching guys like AJ, Seth, Jericho, i can believe that that is a real move within the WWE realm, but the ones done by Ambrose always, always look fake... Can't remember one wrestler who always seems fake. p.s. personal opinion, what do you guys think."
"The feel most of us had with lr goku. Atleast this one is Feasable... goku is insane, this is just tough."
"Ottawa to announce coal phase-out, aims for virtual elimination by 2030"
Little known fact: these are actually traps that the government sets out to catch the homeless and send them to B.C.
Happy Holidays
How old is 13 really?
...We have classes for HEARING things?
Nightblue3 Disrespecting Yorick Damage
Pope Francis extends Catholic priests' right to forgive abortion
Are you telling me that young white suburban men don't already have the answer for mass incaeceration?
OK I checked my Chansey and I am 99% sure its HP is the same (300)...are you sure HP increased?
Death Grips - Giving Bad People Good Ideas
"It's kinda meh IMO, but he's insisting on having people tell him it's sexy."
Peer Pressure
Amazing Savitar art by @bosslogic
Wow so apparently there were 69 charges in 2014-2015
The Rams didn't even rank as the #1 NFL game in their own market.
Andre Iguodala between the leg alley oop to Shaun Livingston... after the whistle.
"Let this sink in: the front page of reddit is dominated by a subreddit whose sole purpose is to defend the government at all costs, where even the slightest hint of criticism results in a permanent ban."
"I just watched Clayster: The Chronicle, and first, I just have to say, it was amazing. One of the best montages I've ever seen. But why did Clay get dropped from so many teams? Did it have to do with team chemistry or something like that? It can't be because of skill level right? I'm just confused as to why he kept getting dropped."
"Or it might have something to do with the $10,000 donation from the Trump Foundation in May 2015."
Titans coach Mike Mularkey says QB Marcus Mariota has a fractured fibula.
"Yes, I think in some cases ""they are whining"" is just a poor way of saying ""I can't help them or do anything about their situation, so I can't listen anymore""."
Whoever just decided on the Rachel flair-- did you do it just to stick out on this chart?
"Good points, thanks."
"Okay it's not friction (it's totally friction). Real-ass answer: when an object, pretty much any object, is going mach 6 in sea level air (4,500 miles an hour or about seven times the cruising speed of an airliner) there will, no doubt, be tiny particles sheared off its surface by YES friction with the surrounding air and superheated into a plasma that looks like fire, even if nothing much is being oxidized."
"This may be a dumb question, but how did he not have any security there? People with this kind of political importance generally have bodyguards I thought."
Jurgen Klinsmann has been fired as head coach of the U.S. National Team.
Sweet potatoes: The fuck did not have no Value!
Jika kau fikirkan ragu ragu usahamu tidak menentu
"*Chuckles, shakes head* That is simply not true."
"Pulled this in the Dessert set, how does this compare to the rest of the guys I could have pulled? Also got a Tucker earlier, not sure who's considered a good pull in this set (I'm new to MM)"
"TIL A few days before delivering the Gettysburg Address, Lincoln saw John Wilkes Booth perform as a villain in a play at Ford's Theatre. Someone told Lincoln, ""He almost seems to be reciting these lines to you."" To which Lincoln replied, ""He does talk very sharp at me, doesn't he?"""
Scenes from Hillary's as a childhood *Shitpost*
Idk but Ido
And the alt/right is now apparently running things?
"Its your crosshair bro, can't tell where the center is lol"
In West Point's region. Played an intense game with them early spring. Great team. I don't think anyone on the team knows how to give less than 100%. Question. Are you saying that guy guarded Marques as a freshman? If he's a junior now then the only year he shared with him was his freshman year.
"What a racist bastard this prick is, dragging facts into the debate isn't going to help."
More dangerous going 60 on a fwy than speeding thats for sure
Top 15 Facts - Five Nights at Freddy's: Sister Location
Which film would be improved if Tobias Funke played the lead role?
"Yeah, they were attempting to arrow build, but 404 missed his arrow twice unto muma, resulting in him not being able to heal b4nny while b4nny was furiously hitting himself with the basher."
"I'm pretty sure he says ""can't get them all right"", as in ""can't win them all"", but it is a bit difficult to hear."
So black pride gets capitalized but White Pride doesn't?
Abed would approve of the time travel.
Weapons
"Yep, hopefully it gets fixed decently fast. Really, though, a Kara pug on the first week isn't the greatest idea for more reasons than this."
You just have to move your feet very quickly when you come in from the landing and you will be fine.
You don't live here and don't understand what a fucking needless inconvenience and expense this is.
Like a temporary reverse-labotomy
Illegal snap? That's a thing?
"Which program has the thirstiest boosters? We're hearing a lot about boosters &amp; donors having a dramatic effect on the cessations of employment for Charlie Strong and Les Miles, but which team has the most insufferable set of benefactors? Surely teams with a great history will always expect good coaching, but some seem to have much shorter strings than others. From the way things sound, it would be tough to beat Texas on this list but I'm interested to hear what other programs might have boosters who are always dissatisfied."
It seems like you can answer these questions yourself by trying it out.
Time to go to the store for some cigarettes
And they wonder why we call them deplorable.
"Chipotle's '300-calorie burrito' left customer too full, and he's suing"
"Eh, it wasn't. There's really no opinion to it, it was beyond the spot when the knee was down."
It's not really just an American thing - the classic definition of beauty in Western culture is still largely derived from Ancient Greek/Roman ideas.
"If Andrew Luck cannot start Thanksgiving night vs Steelers, Scott Tolzien would."
Did you leave the iron on? or the oven?
Yes
"Not here for an invite, just here to say Jack's been super helpful any time I needed it and the market is absolutely fantastic. Needs some more concentrate vendors with high quality stuff (like if BCB would ever get his live resin again... that was amazing) but other than that the selection is phenomenal."
"What's your Season 3 worst case scenario? Mine is: If they did a Flashpoint Paradox storyline. And then the rest of the season was spent trying to guess what happened to everyone. Can you just imagine. The utter despair. Dozens of episodes, completely wasted. People erased from memory, never to be brought up again. Random personality changes. Bad fashion sense. Of course, such a thing would require the ability to travel through time and Young Justice is far too sober to ever bring that up, so that could never happen."
"Wanting to talk to the authorities about something that has been bothering me for a few days, but worried about doing so. Help? First I will say that the issue I want to talk to them about is not really an issue at all, in fact it is kinda ridiculous. But with that being said, that is why I am worried about talking to them to have some of my questions answered. I dont want to waste anyones time but it has really been bothering me... If you have seen some of my threads on here, you will know that I have some mental health issues regarding paranoia, and I just have some questions that if answered, would help quite a bit. I don't want to share what the issue is about because I am afraid you guys would make fun of me :c But I feel like talking to someone would just waste there time... What should I do? (And I know a therapist is a thing but I know all I will get is just some cookie-cutter response talking about how its all in my head, and I already know that.) So.... Advice please? :'("
"What is the best ""Roses are red..."" poem you know?"
Amazon Prime Canada members get 20% off preorders in Canada!!!!
"Living only 2 hours from Regina, I need to know how on earth that thing got there."
I don't even think I will like half of these but I have a compulsion to download this and save it. I hate the idea of losing such a gold mine.
"Kid Cudi Names People Who Have Supported Him (Kanye, Travis, etc.)"
Erdogan criticizes Germany over treatment of Turkish lawmaker at Cologne airport
you a waste of space if you're buying a pair of shoes that's gonna wear out in 2 months for a thousand
Are variants allowed in Standard GB settings
The shadow of never covers the southern hemisphere like that. Half the planet has surface magma and half does not? Those are some really glaring ones.
What is a scam that a large number of people buy into?
I don't get how the fact that there were machines that literally switched votes from trump to Hillary was just ignored essentially
Did you sign up for the Beta/Alpha on the Webstie? If you just get invited by friends again and again you are not actually signed up and will never recieve an intvite by Ubisoft.
Tony Abbott tells UK Tories he believes he can be PM again
Hmm... Mine is working ok. Try reinstalling the drivers
Lol at send nudes under Alice Lloyd
Brown grass makes me suicidal I dont think anyone would care if you just straight up removed it
"imo they should make every perk OP. I want to live to see the day when I choose urban evasion over sprint burst or lightborn over iron grasp. If everything's OP, nothing's OP"
"I had a cp 911 pidgeotto which i named ""Bush did it"". Now it's a useless mon with cp 804. Thanks Niantic"
I like Mr Rogers more than Bob Ross. Your move.
"Meh, I think people overreact a bit. If you haven't seen the animated series it is just a television movie. It has a xena-warrior-princess quality/vibe, entertaining, but early evening type television entertaining. I watched the animated series later and yes, in comparison the film sucks."
"Yes, just make sure it is SFW"
S7 is absolutely horrible
You're getting fleeced. It's about $25 Canadian.
Toronto Maple Leafs Must Not Trade James van Riemsdyk
Drouin looked a little too casual there and brown caught him for it.
"LeBrun: I think at some point #NYR will do everything they can to trade for a Top-4 D, or get some help on D, between now &amp; trade deadline."
personally i'd do the hand jobs. buuuut then again i AM gay and enjoy that kinda thing. i suppose the only way id survive is through that - im a total sissy and have no real other way of looking after myself in such a place
"Phyllis Schlafly, a conservative activist, has died at age 92"
Its just sad that Ainge ripped him off on his contract
"I wish SL would create a fully customizable app I'm transitioning from SL to a PHUL, and the most difficult part is getting another fitness app figured out and optimized for my routine. Currently trying Jefit, but not nearly as simple to use. I would gladly pay $10 for an SL app that I could fully customize each workout's lifts."
Ed...ward...
Baby's first lmao4pl8 deadlift!
"""We're off on a secret mission..."""
Why is Ragen triggered so hard by Trump?
"Weight Watchers drama on Facebook, crazy amounts of Fatlogic going on."
Taking one for the team. Honorable!
The Celtics' 17-0 run against the Timberwolves in the 4th quarter last night
Got an example?
Do you think the NYT presented unbiased coverage of both candidates? Did they ask Trump for permission to publish certain stories or was that just for Clinton?
Haha
Not really. they don't contest south of the border and so are close to the maximum of their influence (about 7%). Labour and Con's are more likely to do deals with Lib Dems or UKIP in the situation of a swing parliament since the SNP's only policy is contrarianism.
"A haiku has to have 5 syllables on the first line, 7 on the second, 5 on the third. Try again. :)"
"Guess I'll wait for the Russians to go the sleep... Being an NA player, the concept of a waiting queue to sign in to WoT is foreign to me. I can't believe enough people play this game that the *test server* can supermax its load."
"Question about cigarettes / cigarillos Hey guys, I'm seeing the lawd this Saturday at Cleveland and was wondering if I'd be allowed to smoke cigarettes or cigarillos at the show. Thanks for any help / advice in advance!"
I think what we all need to see is a 30/30 Jade Golem duke it out with The Ancient One.
Is that Jimmi Simpson?
mmm boxy ill-fitting suit
"I agree, but i also hate the YI community. I love playing Yi but seeing a lot of the posts on this subreddit just makes me lose hope. I fully expect to be downvoted"
Only if you are Republicans. Democrats believe in America.
"Simple empathy would get us all a hell of a lot farther than continuing to prop up a boogeyman that is both completely incompetent, yet capable of striking fear into the hearts of millions."
"What happens if #indyref2 is 'No' again? Seems to me that many on the 'Yes' side - expect #indyref2 and that it'll be a 'yes'. Lets assume for a moment, that #indyref2 happens - and it is yet another 'no'. What happens next? How will you feel? How long until #indyref3?"
"I'm slidin' inside 'him, Biden, but he be fightin' and flightin'. He now be hidin' in my den dat Ninja Gaiden Biden."
"As someone who commutes from long island, the first time I encountered this I was amazed but really confused as to why everyone was so expressionless/annoyed. Now that I see this about twice a week, I completely understand. These people are still quite impressive though."
"No longer finding Pokemon that ""battle with the best of them"""
"When you accidentally clicked ""open in new window"" instead of ""open in new tab"""
"Coaches usually charge a fee for their services. Top players like Dabuz or DKWill are willing to help you out if you're interested in being serious about improving. If you're not willing to pay, there are a lot of match analysis on youtube and tons information out there that can help you improve by yourself. There are some locals near your place that you could go every week, you just gotta ask on your local FB smash group. Other than that, keep going to the local. Eventually they will run out of reasons to not happen. If you're tired of FG then spend a few weeks in training mode. Top players usually spend more time in training mode instead of FG anyways."
"As an English person who has never even seen a Taco Bell, what would you recommend for my first meal?"
Blizzard Working On Unannounced First Person Project
Correcte
"""Trump cut my taxes by cutting my pay!"""
Rooftop
maybe I'm crazy but this seems like its gonna be broken why does Blizzard always give Druid the insane stupid cards
"Oh, then Todd is the patron saint of dumb luck"
"Japan doesn't really have a problem with hookup culture, though. It's that Japanese women find the men so unappealing that they would rather remain virgins and date virtual men. Arranged marriage would just mean a lot of dead bedrooms, because the women would still find the men unappealing and unattractive."
"Calling Milo ""Alt-Right"" is Hilarious"
Is it just me worrying about those scratches on the roof?
"Believe me, I work in one of the top 10 teaching hospitals in the US and they get just as lazy as anywhere else. I've seen patients be misdiagnosed quite a number of times only to go somewhere else and have it discovered. Residents can be over worked, fellows and attendings cab be swamped with cases. I'm not saying this is true 100% of the time, just saying every hospital and every practitioner is capable of making mistakes."
If you had two copies of the same power evo in your hand I'd play it since it'll bait out an evo orb or premium removal to give you parity on the next turn. Nobody can resist removing an unevolved warrior or floral.
"But if female cute charm sylveon gives you a 66% chance of finding male salandits, you still have a 33% chance of finding female salandits (i may be wrong though)"
Nope you get Jeff Sessions as Attorney General.
Westjet did it again.
So does that mean the pricing for it has been confirmed?
My mother tells me that a lot.
That feeling when you are building up your new beater and you realize the rear dropout spacing is 110mm and all your wheels are 120mm...
Love was changing the minds of pretenders
boo-bees.
"If you rewatch it, it's obviously not Anthony Hopkins. This man is very slender"
"The Newegg ones come with gear, maybe you can contact them to get a free copy? This card is FE with better cooler. It runs at the same clock."
"Are CSGO ranks divided by regions? So my friends and I went on a vacation in SEA(from NA) and a couple of players wanted to play a LAN tournament with us(LAN Centers are everywhere here) I told them we might not be able to beat you guys because almost all of them are Global Elites and we are only DMG/LE. So playing against them our team completely destroyed the teams and won the tournament, but after that we shaked our heads because usually higher ranks in NA have way superior aim than these teams even in solo queue. Now I wonder how good EU globals are..."
"We've had similar replies as well. People never understand it as they don't consider anything IT related as a ""real job""."
This cheese blends in with my countertops.
"Jesus Christ dude. If you were to compare each player and their situations, an in depth analysis would show not only are they completely different players, but also Benjamin's performance has no predictive value of OBJ's."
It's not all that complex. This is clearly an unintended consequence of the talent. They'll patch it out.
"What exactly differentiates an ""Elite"" Wingman from a standard Wingman? Thanks for your help! I LOVE YOUR GAME."
"why don't you recruit players to your own crew, that way you can see whose on Your level? you sound like an Ass with all your bs criteria."
"He just purged his entire post history too lol, probably because all he literally does is bitch about Mexicans."
Maybe... Where are you from?
Raphael Guerreiro looked pretty good in the Euros. Anyone who follows Dortmund closely knows how's he getting along this season?
"Blake Martinez--Sprained MCL, Could miss Multiple games"
The majority of people I know that still have iPhones are still there because they're so invested in iTunes. Ya know....music. This is gonna' piss off a lot of people.
"To be fair, the effects of CTE aren't seen til much later in life."
"I believe that Chicago is the city with the 2nd highest Polish population, behind Warsaw."
We know from climate gate that they are lying. Also historical temp data had been changed post facto to fit with the narrative.
"My friend had a plant infested with spider mites yet they still smoked it. Are they going to die? So my good friend was overrun with spider mites during the end of the grow, and being this ignoramus he is, and against my advice, he still dried it and smoked some. He didn't die but he said it was really weak. How stupid is he??"
Witch Doctor?
Before and after green screen visualization in the 'Final Destination 5'
My Turn.
Alt Right: A Primer about the New Honky Supremacy
"You all joke, but this post is really sad. It's sad to see there are even elderly people out there that fell into the trap of DRUGS when they were younger and were hooked ever since. Now the poor lady is stuck believing that it makes her happy because the DRUGS programed her brain that way. To any kids out there that may be reading these. Please take my advice. NOT. EVEN. ONCE!"
"I realized this my second time through the place for the hunt, first time I went through it was sheer dumb luck as I didn't think there were ever 2 options at a given time in the ""puzzle"" section."
wut?
Squadron Morale Shirts What color is yours?
"(In a gruff voice) ""I heard you like poo poo."""
Eight-team Associate T20I tournament slated for January
Computer God.
Don't you mean...*Cuckle* up?
I have a lot more I could invest - just willing to play around some to get the feel of the market. The stocks I have are long term hold that I never thought of selling. Thanks!
Upvote for visibility
"LPT If a sticker isn't peeling off, run it under hot water and it'll come right off."
Name Reveled: Las Vegas Golden Knights
"I grew up in NYC and have lived in NY and Los Angeles over 90% of my life, and I voted in 1988. In my little universe a higher percentage of people know Soros then not."
Biggest Libertarian Victory of 2016: Maine Introduces Instant-Runoff Voting
Wither isn't a channeled spell I don't think.
"Draw a picture of her and then give her the picture so that she knows you still like her, maybe she feels the same way but is too shy to tell you."
"I really don't think I was fucked. I had full throttle pulling the car back into the turn, but I agree it would've been close."
"Kind of hypocritical to sue someone for climate change, when im sure he grew up riding around in cars and buying and discarding plastics."
"UBI can only come about when productivity is no longer linked with most humans. We need far more automation to generate that wealth. We're not even close to this reality yet, so there's really no point debating it. Once a robot manages your job, does your dishes, drives you, and makes new robots, then we need to talk UBI."
"Yeah, straight white male here, I've had exactly jack shit handed to me. But apparently my life is amazing, and I never knew."
Would you guys mind filling out a 1 minute survey for my statistics class? It's only two questions + giveaways (details in comments)
We need economist as president.
Eyy nice mutation
he'll report you too...
At least there is merchandise...
Why isn't there a registry for false rape claims? If you would lie about that you are pretty much the worst scum on the planet already.
"OverWatch ""LoadOuts"": Is overwatch combat diverse enough? I've had this thought in my mind for a long time now, about how overwatches combat design is very simple. We get to choose a hero, the hero has a kit and you go kill some dudes. It's a good formula, and it works. My idea takes the original idea and builds upon it, Keep in mind these ideas I am presenting don't necessarily have to or will ever have an impact on the current state of the game. That being said I want overwatch to introduce ""Loadouts"". Loadouts would work similar to how the league of legends rune system would work where people could choose how to improve their gameplay through through additional increases in stats or even passive abilities, this would introduce strategic diversity among the champion pools. This would give players more to think of when playing this competitive mode. Example: a loadout could include an increase to the shield power of winston's shield (E) along with more damage with a trade off for less HP and mobility. Perhaps. This is just a basic/rough concept of how it would work, please tell me how it would be broken or otherwise. My other idea was something that came to me when they announced sym getting two different ultimate abilities. My idea takes that further and allows each hero to have two different kits. This gives players more options for their play styles and changes the dynamic of the game. This idea would most likely take up a lot of resources and less likely to happen. And lastly these changes would happen on a different game mode, so as to not effect the original style."
"Do y'all ever lay in bed with your dog and think about how lucky you are to have them in your life? I just lay there cuddled with him, while he snores in my face, and think about how much I love him. He's not the perfect dog but he's all mine."
alt-right? racist
Who on earth said that?
We are happy to announce our new store location! Stop in for all your shitposting needs and meet the mods! Conveniently located near the Whitehouse.
"#LOL PREACHING TO THE CHOIR MAN - 10 Trillion more debt - Worst economic growth since the great depression - ISIS grows stronger - Obamacare - Allies hate us, Enemies disrespect us etc etc"
"I feel cheated, some of those words are real words"
Ten days ago I married my best friend
He still has toes right? Why don't they scan those!
And then you guys says NA LCS isn't rigged
"Because Mirage won't put down that fucking Synoid Simulor, the dumb bitch."
"Yeah, stupidly for the recorded versions I didn't bother drawing the path on - You can just about see them in the screen shot examples."
"Without naming the location, where do you live?"
Atheist sues after Kentucky refuses 'IM GOD' licence plate
New Clothing
What is a knock-off/generic product that is better than the original version?
This sub has no fucking idea what the president does.
But they're the same!!1!
Blood Elves existed before WoW
France bans video showing happy Down syndrome children
23 runs in 23 innings last year
This. Nuclear is much more expensive than having people put solar panels on their personal property and connecting to a grid already set up to take them.
"I mean, he goes on to explain, ""Oh those aren't technically Nazi's. They're police!"" Oh, so, the Ordnungpolizei, otherwise known as... the Nazi police?"
Does anyone know if there is a similar marker when using ElvUI?
"Let's assume Clinton's popular vote win overcomes the Electoral College tally, or there are enough EC defectors to switch the outcome. Do you really imagine, this far into the transition process, that there won't be pandemonium on a scale we haven't seen since the Civil War? I'm all for it. Let's do the pandemonium. But holy shit."
ELI5 Digital India I've seen Reliance Jio and PayTM thanking 'Digital India' in their ads. What on earth is Digital India though? I tried going to the website but honestly it sucks. There is nothing clear on it. * What are the goals? * What is the plan? * What exactly is the roadmap? * Who is paying for all the marketing? And how much? * What is the government doing? Can someone help me with this?
I think it's time to retire.
"He's always been very reserved but he got a bit teary eyed tonight, one of those once in a lifetime things."
I think the 0-16 parade would be hilarious honestly.
Exactly. It makes no sense for a civ to constantly break promises and hurl threats and butthurt at you when your military is over double theirs in strength.
Zblock the streamer?
What's LoL?
"Another over looked point is just if we give amnesty, or any pathway to citizenship to those illegally here now - it's a big sign telling everyone else to come in too."
If they really wanted to have the NFL look into this then they would have said he takes PEDs
It's not Bandai's fault this guy couldn't beat Aokiji lol.
I call it the Age of unreason. Critical thinking is scarcer than ever.
"The UK parliament has 650 seats for &lt;20% of the population of the US. Admittedly this is very likely going to be reduced to 600 in the next general election, but it's still a much higher proportion."
Netflix (U.S.) added the hilariously bad Super Mario Bros. Super Show to its instant library Watch the show that has become somewhat of a cult classic. The Legend of Zelda cartoon is not included though.
My case is full... Now what? (x-post to r/gamecollecting)
Anyone else on arch having this issue with links and code segments coming out a mangled mess?
Can we please rename hydropower to something other than green energy? Its incredibly damaging to the environment.
"should I use lumberjack instead of mini pekka? Because my mini p rarely get to the tower unlike lj. And where is the distraction for tank supports. And I just can't play a payfecta without fireball/poison as you can't get rid of supports easily (3 m kills you). My idea is miner, princess, ice wiz, lj, inferno, zap, poison, ???"
That's probably because you're fat. These weightclasses are meant as ideals for elite level lifters
"awaken, my masters"
"I fail to understand the anti-vax logic here. ""Let's make our country great again! We're going to start by sending men back down into coal mines."" OTOH ""Vaccines are bad and pose a risk to our health."" (and coal mining doesn't?)"
"Trump can do no wrong. He could literally make Jerry Sandusky the head of the Department of Education and they would fall over themselves to defend him, saying how much experience he has in academia at a prestigious school like Penn State."
"What will happen is a power outage will occur, the game will be put on hold until the season ends and both teams will continue the streak."
Brexit minister David Davis accused of 'having no idea what Brexit means' after saying UK wants to stay in single market
"There was a baby, doctor cut it out, now there isn't because it's life supply is gone. Aka death. Inb4 ""it's a fetus not a baby"" and other mental gymnastic deflections."
How the hell are the Minireenas able to loosen the oxygen tanks when they don't even have fingers?
"Wouldn't it make more sense to destroy ash's qol after releasing the skin. Ohh, new ash skin, ohh ash is just a worse loki without an ult ability."
"Its in the center, where it sorta juts straight into the end."
"Weird how you chose to ignore the fact that I stated that far more older fans are Wengerout, whereas it's the new fans who are Wenger sycophants. The former group, who have been going since the fucking sixties and seventies, are almost wholly Wengerout, but they aren't very present on social media. Wenger supporters are all new shirters and scarfers who show up in droves to the Grove. Why do you think you know what you're talking about? I don't butt into your club and try to lecture you on shit on which I'm totally ignorant. *You don't know what you're talking about*. I've been directly involved in this and emotionally invested in the entire fucking period we're discussing. What kind of absurd and idiotic hubris do you have to try to lecture me on it? Fucking pathetic piece of shit."
"Whatever Ghost-type you get could be The Undertaker, since he's a necromancer in character! I've recently stated watching WWE Smackdown."
Why anyone would care about SMS integration but not enough to just buy an iPhone and get imessage.
"that's scottish, pal"
"Anavel, Zaiross, Lagmaron, Chasun, AND Kfg? Time for me to get a bunch of Astars!"
I kno white people are the fucking worst we should send them to special camps to work off their privilege.
Females are good comedians ^dont ^^get ^^^mad ^^^^pls
"My favorite is the ""do you know how much money I am losing with this system down?"" My response was generally ""Well maybe i should be charging you moar."""
You're right. I'll take the same ones off the snap on truck for $100 though.
Sadly no. Rowlett with a pretty solid type spread
Corsair K70 or Strafe ? Which is better I can't decide they both have advantages and disadvantages which one should I get ?
"Isn't this the fucking internet? Since when do you need a college degree to have credibility? His point was legit and directly addressed your concern, which you didn't respond to."
"PGT: Anaheim Ducks 3 @ Calgary Flames 1 **First Period** * 11:09 M. Backlund, M. Tkachuk, D. Engelland (0-1) **Second Period** * 6:16 A. Vermette **PP**, C. Perry, K. Bieksa (1-1) **Third Period** * 5:37 J. Silfverberg, R. Kesler, K. Holzer (2-1) * 8:30 R. Rakell **PP**, A. Vermette, R. Kesler (3-1) **Three Stars** * FIRST STAR - Vermette * SECOND STAR - Backlund * THIRD STAR - Gibson"
"My university library, ladies and gentlemen."
He's been getting torched lately
"They're not amateurs, they're unpaid interns!"
fellow gp guy? I was looking at that abortion as well
"I have to google this every damned time. But not before trying to figure it out. *""Single-ass homeless man? Small-ass hamster male?""* I think the ""M"" just makes me think ""man"" or ""male"" and it puts me off."
but why
I'm inclined to agree. Would probably put FaZe above Astralis atm as well.
McDowell staying in the 95 full time next year!
"Waiting on some new patch cables arriving, then i'm good to go"
Angola plays Catan
Racism is cool as long as you're being racist towards whites. Can't imagine why the Democrat nominee didn't get more of the white vote.
LUl at 21 I was sitting in my moms basement jerking to hentai and searching for dank memes on the interwebs.
Is this rosemary in my backyard?
get used to it... welcome to the new normal...
Erm... Are we going to need protesters to protest the protesters trying to take Sioux land?
Is that happy man taking a pair of scissors to a penis?!
"Ah yes. And you just know that the specific strategy this Planeswalker uses is the creatively named ""Deck""."
Did they even mention a single reason why I should vote for clinton aside from the hulks dong?
It's always the little things
"Can monkey king shut the fuck up after starting client Seriously guys, it's really annoying hear his voice all the time. I'm sick of that hero"
Hibike! Euphonium 2nd Season TV CM
Cool so what about those of us with poor and/or dead parents?
Soo...what can i combine this pull with? Ive got a delta amex and a the blue cashback one earlier this year...
Removable batteries make the waterproofing MUCH more difficult to achieve.
Could we replace the welcome screen?
Why is he unlucky? He just found a huge opal deposit.
"That's how the rolls go. For everything that is easy, there's the opposite end of the spectrum. Good with the bad. The sun will come out tomorrow."
AOL and askjeeves first. Then maybe go over to get a hotmail address.
OBJ
"This entire situation is so stupid, I didn't care at the time because he destroyed me in two finals but I'm now glad Jordy wrecked their asses."
Testosterone is a helluva drug
Still better than how SCEA treated Vita.
All biases exist for a reason. It doesn't make them acceptable to act upon however.
"Fully agree. Something is going on, but it's highly unlikely that it's that Assange is missing/dead. I'm also inclined to think that JA is the only one with the PGP key. He doesn't have Internet access, so he can't sign. Neither can they do a live video stream of him for the same reason. It seems far more likely that this is a black PR campaign against WikiLeaks, rather than that Assange is missing/dead. I can't even tell what the majority of people on Reddit thinks anymore, since there are so many bots and trolls. All of the sensible arguments coming from rational posters seem to think that Assange is fine, however."
"I am out of the loop, what happened?"
"Not a bad read, but they didn't at all cover Sega's atrocious handling of the Sonic Boom TV series, spending no money on advertising, and not even bothering to promote it using their very active Sonic twitter account. A cacophony of failures."
THIS IS PATRIARCHY!
How well goes this work with HSTS enabled sites?
Negative reviews of Megyn Kelly's memoir removed by Amazon .
"However the players ""DON'T Understand"" this obscene price/way to get Tidus, and hopefully they are realizing this FACT!!! Like why the hell do we have Summon Tickets if we can't use them to SUMMON!!!"
Ocho hasn't played a football game since 2014. And that was for the CFL's Montreal Alouettes. He hasn't played in the NFL since 2011.
This. Either commit and get some pass rushing olbs or change your dline. Likely easier to get new OLBs instead of a new dline though.
She's beautiful
"Honestly I would take pick quotes over ban quotes, especially if we go to 10 ban. I'm pretty tired of hearing the permabanned champs lines."
"It's ""splurge."" ""Splooge"" is... something else."
Do y'all support the Raiders or 49ers?
The CEO of Reddit confessed to modifying posts from Trump supporters after they wouldn't stop sending him expletives
I just don't understand why he is doing this? Why does he want these people here so bad when one of our allies determine they're a threat? I just don't get it.
I had one single ms from shop... finally got her
"If I wasn't the nice mod that I am, I would remove this, but it's a good point :P. I'll let the other mods deal with it..."
"But he had a confederate flag shirt on, the security guard would've high fived him and said it won't be long now before there are all white hospitals. Seriously, though, glad to hear that ERs are a little more sane than this. Pretty sure that Hippocratic Oath thing doctors take says they shouldn't stand there while a child dies just cause his dad is racist. Beyond the obvious thathappened-ness of this, why doesn't the hospital have more than one nurse capable of helping this child? I assume the OOP is of the mind that she is the only competent person on the planet."
"That's because he didn't know the direction he was running in yet. I saw no hesitation, but it is fake so who cares"
This probably has less to do with the fact that people had a college degree and more to do with the fact that most universities in America are overwhelmingly liberal and there is a giant circle jerk to prove how tolerant/liberal you are to your peers. Add in the part where nobody wants to look like an idiot so they stroke themselves while loudly lambasting republicans so that they look more educated on the subject. Educated persons are no less subject to identity politics and peer pressure than their uneducated peers.
"Hmm, You know Hillary was Obama's Secretary of State right? HRC helped orchestrate what we see going on now in the middle east."
Lol he's not bring nitpicky at all
"Let me guess, Jon's arm gets hurt? Amputated or something?"
You could always play it and see?
NAM 35 Now Available
How to get away with rape
"It doesn't even have to be 1 person. It could be the entire team jumping on the Widow-hate bandwagon, even if the pick is completely justified. I recently saw a YouTube video with a guy wanting to go to 3500 SR and only wanted to play Soldier for the day. In a game, people gave him shit and told him he wasn't doing well, even though he had gold damage and elims, which are the only ways for them to gauge his performance. Now, of course, Soldier might not work because of the enemy comp, and if they'd said that, fair, but they told him to switch so *someone else* could play Soldier and do it better. And the entire team jumped on that. Not because they needed another hero instead of Soldier, but because they had somehow gotten it into their heads that the only reason they were losing was because of the gold Soldier being bad at Soldier. And that was enough for them to bully and moan the entire match. It was one of the stupidest things I've ever witnessed."
Last of Us Factions is RETARDED
TIL that you can underflow the Xbox One's game hub leaderboards. (Skyrim/Xbox One)
How to play this game ??
You two agree that the situation is shitty as fuck but are arguing with each other about it......come on son.
The CEO of Reddit confessed to modifying posts from Trump supporters after they wouldn't stop sending him expletives
Sometimes he's taking camps too so he's not always around for skirmishes either.
Oh gott... Einfach nein.
Cat.
"want to meth, out of dopamine Is there any worse feel? I started doing 20mg meth doses as an adderall substitude a week ago, first 4 days were fucking topsy turvey, after that, less and less. This shit really is the KING but only if u have enough feelgoods in ur brain. So the question is, how to regain the feelgoods? Feeling an urge to just full out vacuum cleaner on my stash."
Completely forgot you can't remove the battery on that phone. Guess I'm used to being able to do that on my G4.
truth
Baton Pass Eevee is gonna be everywhere.
"And they like bernie Sanders, which should be a pretty big tip off that the system isn't working for them since bernie has been rebelling against systems for 60 years"
i feel attacked
I love these rounds. Makes the game intense
"Reddit is a well known hub for racists, sexists and pedophiles. The CEO editing a few comments ISN'T going to ruin the sites credibility. It already has none. lmao reupload"
There are so many hackers in Overwatch...
Barron Trump has become a celebrity in Japan that they created his own manga comic.
"Back in '82, I used to be able to throw a pigskin a quarter mile."
"I wouldn't call a mage gun the high point personally, not many gun wielding mages, Yuna and Tyro are about it I think."
You spoooony bard!
Have there been killer clown sightings?
"What other reasons would there be too get drunk? Honest question, I'm just wondering"
"Arians Says Nkemdiche Needs to Mature, Compared to Humphries 1st year, ""DJ Worked Harder"""
R u OK?
You should have actually laughed.
"How do I start cemu? When I try it, it says the program can't start because MSVCP110.dll is missing. What does that mean?"
More like it doubles up with Guzzlord as one of the optional post-game legends you get that's tangentially tied to the main game.
"I made a toon deck and though I love the art.. they're just garbage to play. The whole can't attack when summoned (besides TDMG) and Toon Kingdoms inherent weakness at being popped.. it just gets destroyed so easily. Do you have any tips on making it more viable, even as just a rogue deck?"
Hopefully my ream of faker and smeb on the same team comes true!
"I want yellow bonfire names for areas that are popping online at my level and... give us a way to see the number of people that have been online in the past week and what level/weapon upgrade they have. for instance it would say (after the weekly census) High Wall of Lothric | Lvl 1-20 | Upgrade +0 to +1 | 258 ppl online past week i think it would give a lot of longevity to the game because the population is dwindling, i want to sunbro and play online with my jolly ashen homies"
"""The Warning""(2009) a Documentary revealing how President Clinton was influenced by the investment banking industry to create the conditions necessary for them to profit off the eventual 2008 financial collapse."
A full list of reasons why Mitt Romney should be trusted as SoS
The 1.19 change that no one has mentioned yet
"""CENSORSHIP"" HAS BEEN CENSORED OFF THE FRONT PAGE DESPITE HAVING 7K+ UPVOTES."
"I guarantee you the thief is still sitting with the bucket of gold flakes, wondering what the fuck to do now. If he's smart enough, he will wait until the heat on him dies down and slowly start dumping the flakes through a re-seller in a jewelry district or hop over to Canada and sell them there. Let's see if this guy doesn't fuck up."
Make sure to label this as smash 4
7:00 minute game. MVP Black is galaxies above the rest.
"Exactly, the dumb ass is lucky he didn't get shot and killed."
When Theresa May became our PM.
14373
"Well in that case, I'm reviving the almighty Dearest_Wario"
20 Ways To Die in Farming Simulator 2017 | You can't actually die in this game.
What do you want your tombstone to say?
"I know it's petty, but the whole carriage is empty ... Sit somewhere else!"
"Drafted 5th of 12 teams in a Yahoo head-to-head league. Categories are: G, A, +/-, PPP, Shots, Hits, Wins, GAA, SV% Round Pick Player Position 1. (5) Connor McDavid C 2. (20) Ben Bishop G 3. (29) Kris Letang D 4. (44) Henrik Lundqvist G 5. (53) John Klingberg D 6. (68) Ryan Johansen C 7. (77) Justin Faulk D 8. (92) Alex Galchenyuk C 9. (101) Brandon Saad LW,RW 10. (116) James van Riemsdyk LW 11. (125) Mike Hoffman LW 12. (140) David Krejci C 13. (149) Brendan Gallagher RW 14. (164) Jaden Schwartz LW 15. (173) Robby Fabbri C,LW 16. (188) Nikolaj Ehlers LW,RW I Wasn't too keen on taking McDavid but I think he'll be pretty coveted in my league so I should be able to package him in a deal. Was thinking about maybe targeting the manager who has Pavelski and Burns."
Got a cat. He hates me. Now what do I do?
It was
I could make a constructive argument that could counter or at least address some of your arguments and claims but I am pretty sure it would just be met with another bigoted half-arsed straw man since you obviously have no interest in a thoughtful discussion. So I am just going to call it quits here. There are a lot of ways to discuss different opinions and you decided to take the least effective path.
i like how you didnt assume his/her gender
My aunt was wearing this around her neck and it unscrews into different pieces. Does anyone know what it is?
I DEMAND THIS CREATURE NOW ALIM.
I don't want to cut ties with the UK at all.
I want to see this compete in BattleBots
It exactly like besta pizza logo
Awwww i have that color already in Moon Ball sadly.
This is what happens when you are bad a fighting wars and constantly getting your ass handed to you. As a group you rationalize the losses and blame it on shadowy figures and foreign countries that have no real direct involvement. This is how leaders of rebel groups and dictators stay in power. They tell the people that everyone else is the reason for their suffering not those in power who actually cause the suffering.
"Any Habits Developed From Aqours? Do you find yourself doing or saying the same things as the Aqours characters? For example, I every time You-chan says ""Yousoro!"", I literally salute out of habit. It can be anything from ""Buu-buuu desu wa!"" to ""SHINYYYYY!!"""
I'm poking fun at the circlejerk.
Also in all other states it's 16 for everything.
"TIL in 1888, U.S. President Hayes wrote in his diary: ""This is a government of the people, by the people, and for the people no longer. It is a government of corporations, by corporations, and for corporations."""
Perrin is fired on Monday and Fenves is probably right behind him
"We kicked their ass at home (I know they won the SB, which is why I put kinda. Because they had the highest of highs at the end. But it was pretty great at the time)"
"Eh, water fountains are designed to sort of blast away the bacteria with that water arc they make. A dog drinking from one isn't a huge deal."
"Lol what? I'm an American who has visited 35 states, has family in Canada, visited 18 countries and lived in three different countries. The US has a LOT of things to improve in and I go through love hate cycles every few months with this place. Not to mention being abroad as an American can be a pain in the ass. So many people assume things about you because you are American, Americans must think this, why do you hate black/brown people? why did you Americans blow my family up? Why does your government support this/that regime? Ha! You don't know who the governor of Punjab is? You Americans are soooo stupid! etc. etc. It gets old and annoying knowing that in the international community I was in the other countries don't get nearly as much if any pestering about where they are from. I didn't choose to be born in the asshole of the world. :/"
Share your worst Thanksgiving stories
Interacted with people
"I wasn't disagreeing with you, I also didn't know there was two videos. How long was the original serious video up before he deleted it? I'm pretty active on YouTube and steel's videos are usually ones that I watch as I see them uploaded."
For the same reason many western buildings don't have a 13th floor - 7 is considered unlucky in some eastern cultures.
"TIL in 1888, U.S. President Hayes wrote in his diary: ""This is a government of the people, by the people, and for the people no longer. It is a government of corporations, by corporations, and for corporations."""
What about 80% men who face violence
What's the worst about this whole situation is that everyone is blaming fraud and corruption. If they're a bit more savvy (but still wrong) they're blaming mismanagement. This is the very predictable (and often repeated) result of a commodity rich economy going down the tubes when their primary commodity takes a shit. Is there any country in recent history that can provide a working example of transition from a commodity economy to a manufacturing or service economy?
It was exaggerated which is why I changed it. I still don't think vandalism should be acceptable if you disagree with something.
What? You're missing the point buddy. Maybe don't look for the most credible information in the same places you look for cumsluts.
Dont forget Jade Helm.
How do you hook up with someone?
"Everything's up to date. Drivers are the first step I took to solve the issue, and no overheating or anything."
Just finished revising my setup so I figure'd it was time to share.
fuck I died XD
Looking for an anime in a genre that I cant find Im looking for anime with a competent MC who has a rival that is also competent and strong but they develop feelings for each other and become romantically involved but keep it a secret. anyone know of animes close to this or stories close to this?
Freddie Mercury passed away 25 years ago today. What a legend.
Star Trek
Aw yiss things are getting serious now.
"The Valve store has new merch! Lots of mousepads, posters, and some T-shirts"
"Are you a boy, or a girl?"
Which continued all the way to 2016?
Percentage of obese population?
She did this weird soft baby voice when saying she wasnt mean
Raised self shot
"47 of the world's poorest countries are aiming to hit 100% renewable energy - ""The idea is ... to skip from pre-industrialisation to renewables, avoiding the 'messy part' in the middle where a need for more energy to support economic growth spurs fossil fuel use to dangerously high levels."""
This comment is somehow less funny then the first one you made
Mitchell out killing folks again... Fuck the Steelers!
"I'm a Mormon and certainly don't care if people drink around me. Heck, I don't care if people smoke, drink, swear, or get gay married around me. Why would I expect everyone else to obey *my* religion? That just doesn't even make sense."
"Will HD slow the mannerisms of the presenters , particular the nodding head syndrome displayed by the ABC women announcers?"
"Revenge doesn't make it so you don't get stunned by attacks, right? Just health and damage boost?"
Bernie Sanders being arrested in 1963 at an Anti-Segregation protest in Chicago
BEWARE: Fake Zelda Link to the Past Cartriges on eBay.
"May I ask what the plan was? Was the tent city empty for long stretches of time, or were you like an armed agent of the department of transportation? Im genuinely curious."
I would much rather have steak for thanksgiving. Turkey is such no.
New DeFrancoFam Video: THE WAY TO HER HEART
Take Mike Pence please!
Seriously? It's one of the best films I saw this year.
"The fake news isn't pushed through conventional mediums. If an established paper or news network publishes an erroneous report, they get sued. If some random dude fabricates a story Md spreads it through social media, there's no accountability. Large organizations are held accountable. Random people with social media skills can spread whatever the fuck they want anonymously."
Morning Robin
"I didn't even know that. I got a fairly recent one with 2x of Noel's BSB. I never consisted using Noel before, but I believe it's Full Breakdown with Power and Magic Breakdown? Noel has a weird skillset and Support BSB."
"Sono uno di quelli che pensa che se protesti contro il ""diritto allo studio negato"" (il solito motivo astratto che danno tutti quando glielo chiedi) non studiando, non stai ottenendo nulla. Stai solo dimostrando di non voler studiare. Penso che per protesta gli studenti dovrebbero continuare ad andare a lezione, magari senza fare neanche un'assenza, e protestare dopo le lezioni."
And that man in the street's name? Famed firefighter S. Bucemi. Who just happened to be riding by on his narwhal. Snacking on some bacon. At midnight.
Nadeshot don't @
"Every government does that, go live in the woods and keep off our roads if you don't like it."
"We don't have a two-party system, though. We have a de facto one-party system that serves the interests of one class, the Business/Capitalist class. Those with concentrated wealth can concentrate political power, which in turn gives them more wealth, which in turn gives them more political power. People arguing about government regulators and corporate executives don't seem to realize that *those are often the same people*. We have a revolving door at the top of myriad government agencies where a handful of people gladly exchange their golden parachutes for bureaucratic red tape and are free to scratch the backs of their fellow industry friends for a few years before they shuffle on out to some other top gig at some other corporation where they can reap the bountiful rewards of the policies they crafted. Yes, there are laws that are supposed to curtail this very type of activity, but they're largely ineffective and really just part of the greater facade of democracy we've cultivated in America."
"Not gunna lie, I thought she looked pretty fit...then I read that she is a transexual :/"
"Highly relevant username? As in, you're fond of the etymology of our slang term ""johnson""?"
"Swastikas, anti-Semitic messages seen around Toronto"
Skill perk earrings and zero cost skill.
"Day Pass option missing Hey there, I'm using a Nexus 6P on a 4 line One@work plan. My line has the $25/month One plus addon. I've had the plan for a couple of months now, but I have been unable to activate day passes through the Tmobile app or website. There is no HD Day Pass option anywhere on either portal for me, and I have followed the instructions on the website to the letter. Additionally, I brought my phone into a Tmobile store and asked a sales rep about it, and he was unable to add day passes to my account either. Essentially, I'm paying $25/month for nothing--which kind of sucks. Anyone know what's going on?"
"If it was propaganda, I doubt that China would even acknowledge the smog."
World War 1 and 2 were pretty bad times.
"That's the hurtful one. But I've been playing with ziggs support lately and with the brush plus first attack mastery and sheen, he really is strong bully in lane without needing much gold. It's great against champs like vayne. You pop the w on him and then e him while stunned he will tumble into all that damage. It's pretty nice."
yup **a** real skill
"It is normalized here. Almost everyone in my town thinks Trump is amazing, that what happens in a man's home is his business (as in wife and child beating) and the women quite often are so brainwashed that if someone complains about the way things are, THEY will jump all over the person. It is like some creepyass movie a lot of the time. They all post memes about how if you spare the rod you spoil the child and then post 'I got the belt and I turned out just fine' two days after being arrested for being drunk and assaulting a police officer. Cognitive dissonance is a real thing."
Ont. teacher allegedly told student to 'lick me where I fart'
Canadian Black Friday Sales
If you were a god in Smite who would you be? Rat for me.
I want to take action against the bank for removing her from our joint accounts without my consent and her for removing herself without my consent.
People are stupid. Why not order shit online?
"Bring back golden bow -- although this time, passive only works on melee hits. I pleaded for this well before golden bow even became meta. Just like stone cutting swords passive, golden bow should've always been the same. To me this is the most obvious decision rather than the item being removed. Think about it - does it break the game like it did before? Absolutely not. Not even close. In fact this only really would help gods outside of conquest. Maybe some nemesis, and other picks could be viable in something like solo lane..but for jungle, you dont really need it."
Early cod Zombies memories ? Hey guys I know a lot of you have been here since the beginning and what's your earliest memories ? For me it started with world at war I would always play split screen and never buy a door (had no idea of the box) then after months I tried playing online my mind was blown when you could get a flame thrower then even more amazed when I got a ray gun. Then months later I got the map Der reise and thought people where hackers when I saw lazers coming out of thier guns lol.
"I really believe in this. Honestly, I think the best thing we could do, although near impossible, would be to call a constitutional Congress to add federal level ballot initiatives."
Anyone know of any interesting or fun tours to go on in Houston?
"I can give you Petlil, Vullaby, Drampa, and Alolan Sandshrew. Just give me their Version Counterparts."
Alex Jones is a motherfucking crackpot and a half.
"Because everyone knows stealing can never be greedy, and there's no impact on the environment."
Gwyneth Paltrow plugged an expensive handbag on her website and pissed off soccer moms everywhere.
Found these at the store today..
I fucked myself an hour ago then
"At first I was confused by this thumbnail, then I realized it's a parody of click bait thumbnails that use big arrows and big red circles,.....clever? (Also ""Freddies"")"
"The Real History is the Japanese didn't ""buy-in"" to voluntary extortion white religious imprisonment. Throwing out the white European 'christians' is what lead Japan to close its ports for over 200 years. The Japanese saw the Holy Roman Church was using Jesuits as their exploratory invasion force, with their ""We Come In Peace"" routine. In Nagasaki, there is the site where a barrel the size of a large swimming pool was filled with boiling oil and 38 priests were thrown into that. Scorsese actually gets a lot of reality mixed in with his movies. Several scenes are real scenes in real life, like the scene in Casino where Nicky and his brother dig their own graves in a Kansas corn field, stripped to their underwear and beaten with baseball bats until they were *almost* dead, then thrown into the grave and buried alive. There are news photos from the discovery of their bodies, and Scorcese had the scene laid out just like it happened. He is showing the extremely close relationship of the Mafia with the Pope in his Godfather movies. He seems to be sending the message about how evil the Holy Roman Church has been, so it will be interesting to see how he portrays this pivotal period."
Those are usually immature girls. I don't think it's as common as you think. My bf is an inch shorter than me.
My creepy neighbor texted me out of the blue today.
But then it wouldn't be battlefront anymore....It would be Epsiode I Pod Racer.
Reddit told me Snuff was failcascading?
"I'm finishing up a program right now (The Iron Yard). From what I understand, the quality of boot camp programs can vary a lot, even within the same organization. I'm super happy with mine. I think my campus has something like a ~90% placement rate for graduates, and it's in a growing tech area (Indianapolis). In researching their curriculum, I found some reviews that almost scared me off, but I went to a Meetup they hosted and a few other events, talked to alumni, saw how plugged in they are with the local tech community, and I was sold. I heard from multiple people that it's the best decision they've made for their careers. I'm not finished with the program, but so far, I'm inclined to agree. Do some local research if you're considering options. Don't trust Google'd reviews unless it's relevant to your local campus. Scope out the relationships and connections with area tech employers. Talk to alumni, especially; they'll know better than anyone if it's ""worth it"". tl;dr - Maybe."
"Got a lovely reminder why I'm not close with my family Thanksgiving is supposed to be a great day, right? Family and all that jazz. Well, here are the bullet points from yesterday: - Button is 18 months next week. Does not like long drives. Scream cried the last 40 minutes of the drive. - We started the 2 hour drive around nap time. Button did not nap. On our way, we were told that the dinner planned for 3 was being moved to 6. Because of my sister, L. - Dinner was moved because she was driving in from a few states away and wanted a shower first when she got here. Yep. Whole dinner moved 3 hours. For her. One person. - L was over an hour late from the time she said she would be there. Food got cold. Her husband let it slip to my husband that they went to their in laws (his parents) first for dinner. She held up the entire dinner so she could go to another party first. - Decided to do the ""prayer"" and talked about how she drove all day, had to leave the next day, and was thankful to get to eat all the food and that someone else cooked. - Button did NOT nap. She ate at 6 because fuck everyone else. We left immediately after she got there. She didn't even hardly say hi to me. - If you think I was quiet about this, I wasn't. I told my family that we will not be doing this again. That it was rude and selfish of her and that our daughter was the one who suffers for it. The excuse ""Well, it's thanksgiving"" earned a hearty ""fuck you"" from me. - So from now on, unless it's my Uncle hosting, we are not going. Period. My Uncle gives no fucks and waits for no one. I'm not dealing with her bullshit again. My husband and I also called this. I said that she was going to somehow hijack the holiday, because she always does. - Oh, and I just got a group text from her to my and my other sister thanking us for cooking, saying it was the best she has had in months and how she has barely eaten. Martyr much? Yeah, not responding. - Did I mention I haven't been home in 3 years either? Yeah."
seeing that the theory is about cucks I would say the fact that it comes from alt righters is not surprising
So you think we SHOULD rape people just in case they're into that shit?
Isn't that...rape?
How will plane rides in the next 100 years be different?
New phone
"What archaic peace deal was that? The main point of contention is the 'Right to Return', because it'd result in mass cultural suicide for the Israelis."
keep supporting the pyramid =)
"I really wish Sjin had a better understanding of what Lewis is doing. Lewis alluded to it in episode 3, but just to spell it out clearly: Lewis has a near-compulsive need to take control. I'm not saying this as criticism, it has made the Yogscast what it is today. But it is *especially* true in a sandbox game when there are various jobs/tasks for people to do. If Lewis stuck with the group, he wouldn't be able to resist taking over and telling everyone what to do. Lewis is going hard-RP because he knows this about himself. This is Sjin's series on Sjin's channel and this is Lewis' way of letting Sjin be in charge. I see this as Lewis showing great self-awareness and I applaud him for it. I just wish Sjin could see it, instead of thinking that Lewis is not helping by running away. Sjin: ""You ran away!"" Lewis: ""I did not run away. I went off on my own because I didn't want to get in your way."""
Do Romani count as POCs?
New Donald Trump movie to be titled The Donald
"Fuck, why do my posts keep getting removed?"
DeSean Jackson scores wide open 67-yard TD: is anyone seriously opposed to giving it a shot in free agency?
Sure it taught me not judge a man by the colour of his skin but what good does that do me?
New MMORPG'S 2017-2019? I cannot find anything new. Nothing decent looking that is. Whats coming out like DK Online all look like utter trash. Is the era over?
Older packs will eventually appear as rewards to brawl and arena. You heard it here first.
"The reason why price tags are shown pre-tax is because it allows companies to make the item seem cheaper than it is. The way your mind reads a price like $6.75 is ""six dollars plus a little something"". If the post-tax price was shown your mind would read it as ""seven dollars plus a little something"". That difference is enough to cause some lost sales, so everyone does it the first way. Of course, a walking calculator wouldn't be fooled, but a lot of times your brain doesn't work hard enough to calculate things out and just goes with the ""six something"" and ""seven something"" heuristic."
Most satisfying way to clear a wave?
I'd like to see Rng exotic perks and unfixed exotic perktrees. I'd like a neutral game subclass with no super.
Don't you forget to buy cases of these!
"You both got it wrong, its polar bears."
Yeah right after cyber Monday. They thought that out very well.
If 2016 takes our queen I'm officially just going to live in a hole until 2017
"idk Im having fun, Pearl clutch"
what a fucking beta male lmao
What wheel do you use
"Geez, in just under the deadline Jill. Give me a heart attack why don't you."
"A pregnant police officer asked for ""light duty"" since her vest/belt don't fit over her belly. She was told to take unpaid leave and she should have planned better and saved up more sick days."
Population is a bit larger than it was 140 years ago
Burn n churn
And that Economics 101 course that helps you understand that taking a paycut doesn't give you additional income.
Francois Fillon takes strong lead in French presidential primary
I imagine they're doing this with more functions than just push-ups in mind.
If you were Orange you could have ran for president!
Lol. Sure aint animatronics.. they are tied down tho..
"There's going to be a rude awakening for people who think they can get a Hornet in a couple of hours. If that is the case, no way the game lasts. Nobody would spend real money. Upkeep of the universe would be impossible."
Thank you Fidel Castro. Your country is better than if we had been in charge
the man understands how to create a solid strawman and run away with it from people who have no idea they are taking on a strawman argument. It does make for meaningless if not atleast entertaining materiale from time to time.
Give a signature move a worse name. Lex Luger's Torture Rack- The Lex Flex
Palestinian firefighters offer to help put out devastating wildfires in Israel.
It can take a beating but it suffers from a drastic loss of control after a certain amount of damage. It's effectively disabled.
Shopping cart traffic during Black Friday
"Never had my hair cut by somebody other than my mom, it's about time to change that. Thinking shorter on the sides and back, not sure about the top. Thoughts?"
Kyle vs Kyler in the RRSO
"Marxism is regressive, not progressive."
A good reminder why it's a bad idea to ask an atheist to pray
Thank god Green wasn't voted woman of the year. One can only guess what these morons would have to say about that.
It's a drink you get from gas stations that you can fill up with whatever sort of pop you like. They're usually giant (like 42 oz.)
Mexico hasn't agreed to pay for the wall.
Hubby came home with this. He likes to buy things impulsively. He will make muffins now
"Holy shit you might be the most butthurt little bitch on this subreddit. I listed McIntyre because he would be a realistic potential candidate. Harbaugh is a long shot, so I didn't initially. Also, is clown the only insult in your repertoire? Grow the fuck up."
What's wrong with the beats on Encore?
"It's actually Camp Kinser (a Marine base in Okinawa, Japan), filmed from CLR-37's barracks. It was a good time."
For those who became an officer from enlited Hi i'd like to start off as i'm new to the forums and made this account for this question. I will be going to BMT February 7th 2017 and the field i will be going into is Space System Operations. I will be going for 6 years as i signed my contract already. My questions is what it's like to try to become an officer from enlisted. My end goal is to become an officer in the Air Force and i wish to make this my career. I thought prior enlistment would help me understand the Air Force more before i try to hit officer. What are your guy's recommendation and how was your experience in becoming one? any info and insight would be most helpful.
Why has our culture turned against tobacco but not against alcohol?
ESL with a heart rate sensor at the ESL Meisterschaft.
"You're partially right. In high school chemistry you learn about ""combustion"" reactions, which involves burning carbon-containing compounds in oxygen. However, this is not the only reaction that controls flammability and there are plenty of compounds that will burn despite not containing any carbon (ammonia, thermite, metal dusts, hydrogen, etc.)."
Yanet Garcia
FIRST OFFICIAL Trailer for Spider-Man: Homecoming
"Is Russian 4.7 worth it? Seriously, its like putting your dick in a red hot hydraulic press, over and over. It always seems to be I get uptiered into Tigerville USA, or downtiered into 3.7 where I can actually function. On the rare chance I get a 4.7 match, I get memerolled by krauts. Should I stick with 3.7 or what. Also fuck the SP system, Im tired of getting memescoped by an 88 13 seconds in and going to the hangar."
I've never been killed by the kolibiri but I've killed people with it many times and make a point or t-bagging them afterwards. I'm sorry.
"OH NO!!!!!!!!! Lambo has revealed that he is actually p2w! If this post gets 100 UpWallets, this sub will become money themed."
well at least no one has complained about the pain yet.
so you telling us not to build AD on AD carry? :thinking:
"As far as the ship design rules go; who knows. Its aesthetics certainly don't fit with the rest of Aegis ships, however, it's the only Aegis ship that's not military in nature. Easy lore reasons could be that the design was outsourced to a 3rd party. As a Reclaimer pilot-to-be; whoever the manufacturer is, I just hope the aesthetics don't get changed too much. It's my favorite looking ship in the game."
KI-87 Advanced Pack Details $29.99 Ki-87 (Rank 4 Japan) 1000 Golden Eagles Premium account for 7 days
"""it handles better than a Ferrari and is more reliable"""
What would you consider to be your favorite nickname you've given to a pokemon?
You're a woman with penis?
"Happy Birthday, Toby! We've all been really fortunate to have a guy like you on the planet. You have made a simply wonderful game and inspired so many people in the process. I hope you have an absolutely fantastic b'day :D"
"Im sorry, but I lowkey can relate to this."
Guy gets 5 gold claiming not to use r/The_Dingus but agrees with their current whinings. He has multiple comments in r/The_dingus
who wants to help me pick a new phone? My LG G4 is hot garbage. Right now I am leaning towards either a nexus 6p or waiting until the new google phone comes out.
add tbeckis on psn :)
"Picked this up in Frankenmuth, MI. It speaks to me on so many levels."
not even funny.
This intellectual would pour water over fluoroantimonic acid.
uh he hasn't ever drunk alcohol because his brother died from it. nice try though
"If you were a dictator, what kind of ridiculous dictator-like shit would you do?"
how many keys for fsls
"It can't be 100% fact. One good example: What happened to Judas' silver? In Matthew, he throws it down in the temple when they refuse to take it back, hangs himself, and they use the silver to buy the field in which he hung himself. In Acts, he buys the field himself, then falls to his death. Both can't be true."
Ps4 Lf3m to do vog hard mode
Bernie's political money has already gone to HRC or sent to down ballot races when he dropped out. Any leftovers go to the DNC
Logged onto an old save to find blocks replaced by Aerial A.I. cards
"What kind of gun do you want this to be for? I know you can get an integrally suppressed Novem 9mm from Specialty Interest Arms that matches what you describe. They also have a version that has a permanent shroud that allows you to use regular suppressors while still maintaining the short OAL and keeping the barrel over 16""."
Hate to be that guy but *MG-34
"He was, even back in the 90's he was the most oppurtunistic cunt you ever saw. i mean the guy donated 160,000 to the Liberal party in 2011 do you expect him not to be biased towards to LNP"
You shit
Which is funny because so much of her Democratic primary victory was based off states that she had no chance of winning in the general.
"and i love her everytime i listen to kurt's version of ""and i love her"" i burst into tears. can anyone else relate?????"
So I saw this in Egypt...
Lovely backsplash. Your kitchen is marvelous cabinets notwithstanding
"In France this kind of swimsuit is now forbidden because ""it's too Islamic""!"
Noam Chomsky: Hillary Clinton Better Choice Than Donald Trump
"What would be the biggest ""fuck you"" to the fans they could do to end the Game of Thrones series?"
....
Turn your music back on You paused it for something but forgot about it
Lockheed Martin's VR Schoolbus takes kids to Mars
"What would some good teams for a Point Forward? I plan on playing a point forward in 2k17, along with quite a few people I'm sure, and I'm not sure exactly what team I want to plan on yet. The Clippers would probably be the easiest, but there's no challenge in that. I was thinking about the Celtics or Grizz, but they don't have any good 3 point shooters. Any thoughts?"
You're weird.
"My friend just received this message looking for ""real friends"""
"Another follower of the dark side, drawn to the light. Well done."
TIL that size 30 is something you identify as.
All MUCH too weak to play in constructed because of all the high stat minions that will be played. What good is a mana geode turn 2 if you opponent just played a 3/3 or 3/2?
"We did 8 sets of 2 mins with 1 min rests and the first 6 were okay, it was only the last two which I found really difficult - so I think it's just that I'm a terribly unfit newb :)."
"USFG huh? I can't say that I've seen that before, is that the official ancronym for the gov't?"
"Even if he is it's not anything negative. Autism basically means next step in evolution. And it would make him very high level cyber. But yeah, the fat pig is obviously using it to try to get a rise out of Donald, disgusting."
Just bought this bad boy
"Not really, yes full backs in 9 out of 10 teams do overlap, but theres that one team that has them stay back and play as actual defenders (Atleti, West Brom, etc) and it should be an option for people to use and even though there is an option in ""stay back while attacking"" it doesn't work, if you want it as you are saying and having your full backs push, just leave them on default, but this is something that should be addressed imo, as it completely shuts out an entire style of play"
I'm not even an 'audiophile' and I got triggered.
"I don't see the Bounsweet, was it sniped?"
wait... D.VA can destroy meis ult projectile!?
Pogba is out of the cup game
This update in a nutshell
*Sven.
"Hey dad, mind if i borrow ur stuff for a while?"
Has science gone too far?
Name one Saudi Arabian politician without googling it. (I know you can't)
How much you want to bet that the artist was making a regular tiger then fucked up and added all those heads and made something even better than what they intended to?
"It's a she, her name is Priscilla"
ana (f)
Seraph Progession. It's beautiful.
Why should anyone care what your view is? What credentials do you gave to add credence to your belief?
"No, Apple, killing your headphone jack is not ""courage"""
As much as i know you hate us (Rangers). I still hope you can over come and bump out those cocksucking Toronto BJ's.
"People who *did* vote for Hillary aren't liberals; she's a neo-liberal at best, an entrenched conservative if we're being honest."
One last iconic death...
"Ok every card game has a ""stack"". Triggers and ordering events of how cards interact is a major part of gameplay. See how spells interact with Wild Pyro and how Cthun attacking death rattles work. These are all determined by a process and ordering of events - which is essentially a ""stack"" Just Saiyan."
"Fine, but of course you need to wait at the login screen for 30 mins and pay 5 million credits for the taxi ride."
Please let me know how you determined this man was a crackhead. Thanks.
"Finally, the rarity of my pepes pays off."
Brandin Cooks... What the heck happened?
I guess my phone thinks I'm rich. My phone is horribly mistaken.
That gave me a freight
"Man in van throws middle finger and bottle at biker, but biker returns with a surprise."
"It's genuinely awful. All I can do is pray he does well for the country. I hate his ideologies and his supporters are some of the most backwards and sheltered thinking individuals I have ever had to meet. Regardless, we are in this together. I hope I really am the piss baby special snowflake seeking a safe space that they believe I am. I really want him to do a great job because we *need* to be wrong. If we are right, we are so fucked."
"He never specified that, ever. He said he had learned things from his mentor about the force from him. He never clarified who had cheated death and the way he said it was very mysterious and inteniinally vague."
Watch it be the mets
Because a generation that has grown up with participation ribbons like to bitch about everything
"Sorry I wasn't trying to insinuate that. My two comments were separate statements. I don't actually know why his other thread got taken down. It was a guess that these are mining cards, hence why he has so many of them."
"No backsies I just had one of the saddest conversations of my life. A good friend of mine is getting a divorce. 2 kids. She confessed to me that she didn't really want to have kids, she just bought into her husband's idea of family life. Loves her kids, wouldn't give them up for anything, yadda yadda and all that, but told me straight out she envies me for sticking with my CF life. I feel so sorry for her. For the love of god, if you're reading this and you're on the fence; make up your own mind. Don't let someone else decide for you, no matter who they are."
"Tripp, get a stylist"
Ska better than s1mple? I like C9 but I'm not THAT much of a fanboy.
I've definitely checked this but thanks for reminding me to keep checking it!
"Yeah, Ray Lewis really murdered his soul. Like, stabbed it out with a knife and left it laying dead on an Atlanta street."
What happened to the popular kid from high school?
"If I don't make him think twice about what he said he'll post more stupid shit in the future. I'm a hero of reddit mate, removing shitposts one comment at a time."
"I think there should be an option to disable auto-fill. Some people want to play their main role no matter what, and they should, so an option to guatentee their role after a 2 hour queue sounds great for me"
"Thanks to Trump, we can better understand how Hitler was possible - U.S. Election 2016 - Haaretz - Israel News"
Read the manga. The ending is great.
"An acquaintance of mine has a little girl who is underweight because she's a slow and incredibly picky eater. Guess what? She was put on a DIET! A diet for weight increase, mind you, but still a diet. Why are these people acting like its the most cruel thing in the world to care for the health of our children?"
Dad just sent me this while hunting
"Don't forget dead people, they love claiming ""dead people vote""."
"I agree with most of the posts here... how about this.. .watch another streamer. I got bored of Lirik last summer, found another streamer... then another... now he is one of a few I check in on instead of my main entertainment. Feels good man."
What do you hate about something you love?
Superman got nominated back in the day.
What next? Rosie will make fun of Trump for having a brother who died from alcoholism? Oh... wait... she already did.
Maybe they're getting shot at
Have yall learned nuthin from flashpoint?
they made money buy selling things ! mind= blown
Whooooo boy! Look at that 38% upvoted rating. Somebody doesn't want this story getting out there.
Gaines just stopped.
In the South it already is.
"Oh man, imagine this with the 1 mana spell that gives all of your in-hand minions +1/+1."
Lashkar desperate for new notes
Vow Renewal Emergency! I need help picking a substitute! (Text in the comments)
"So how is Bharat Bandh going on in your place? please answer with the city and state.... P.S. If you are from Kerala or West Bengal,there is no need to answer because I know there will be Bandh today...."
Done!
Vitalik Buterin Interview
oh shit I can't take this
Southern Tide and Vineyard Vines
"Fidel Castro Still Dead, Miami continues to party for a second night"
How do you guys manage to shove Israel in everything is beyond me.
She definitely wants to be a victim.
"That's a false conclusion. Two examples that are more local are: the self checkout at many major department stores. One person watching over 6-12 self checkout lanes is not making 6-12 times what one register clerk makes. So even with the labor pricing staying the same there is still phasing out of employees. Another is Walmart laying off 91 people in their optical labs. White collar jobs that require at least some modicum of being above the lowest common denominator are still at risk. The final and less local example is Foxconn. You may remember this company for making the news due to work related stress induced suicide attempts. They just announced 60,000 layoffs. It's a Chinese company and organizations have been outsourcing to China for slave labor wages for decades. Line all of those up. You can't get paid the same always, or you face replacement. You can't be paid above the average because it is work related replacement due to automation. You can't even be slaved to mental collapse. If a job can somehow be replaced by automation, it will. Employee payment has literally nothing to do with it. Lights out factories exist. One or two rooms in a facility where humans regularly occupy the space, the rest of the rooms can be completely dark with no hiccups. Bill gates says society isn't ready for the amount of job loss automation will spur on. This finger pointing to people who deserve a fair and living wage is proof of it"
Metuz hilarious 1v1 yolo defuse
"""You can't like country if you like black people"" Like whatever music and whatever people you want"
So am I going to have to play the game again to see this new content they're adding?
Curry because he actually did his
Praise Geralt
"More Random Events Right now we only have rain, cargo planes and attack helicopters. Adding more random events would be awesome. I've seen many posts about people's ideas for random events, but here's some of mine. Military Squad: A squad of military soldiers spawns at the top of the map, and will hunt players. Their weapons would include MP5s, LR300s, 92s and M249s, but also new military weapons such as AT4s, AWSMs, Desert Eagles and Tavor-21s. All of these weapons would drop. They would have exclusive military grade armour, which would be Helmet: Military Helmet, Top: BDU Top, Vest: Kevlar vest, Pants: BDU Pants, Gloves: Tactical Gloves (Also have a special ability to punch without any weapon) and Boots: BDU Boots M1 Abrams: A tank arrives at the coast (away from spawn) via a transport boat. It will only target players with a mid tier or better gun in their hot bar and at least 3 clothing items on. It would be extremely durable, and would have two firing modes, Cannon, which it aims its Cannon at a player and then fires a tank shell which does 200 Blunt and 300 Explosive Damage. Its other mode, Machine Gun, sprays bullets at players, dealing medium damage. Destroying the Tank makes the engine explode, and set fire for several minutes. It's crates would be similiar to the helicopter's crates. Ground Zero: At a random monument a nuclear siren will alarm. 45 seconds later, a nuclear missile will be visible and will hit the centre of the monument, turning every animal rad and increasing the radiation. The initial blast does 1000 explosive damage in a 30m squared radius. Shortly after, a squad of hazmat soldiers arrives and will kill anyone who is not in a hazmat suit. On death, the hazmat soldiers drop military grade weapons and hazmat suits."
As if anyone here but guys from 4chan support those comics.
Reignover to replace Dardoch on Team Liquid in 2017
"""Suspicous behaviour"" means doing something that other people don't. If you punish suspicious behaviour, you don't allow change. You do realise that is precisely why those in a powerful position believe it is a good idea, right? Let me try instead: ""If you punish unusual behaviour and change, you risk losing power to those nations which permit it. If you ban cryptography, then the Swedish, Feminist, Atheist, Muslim, Lesbian, Socialists will control the global media, and use it to destroy your values!"""
How did you get enough coins to do the SBC? Just started FIFA yesterday and it seems like getting coins is gonna be a hassle
Cloud 9 owner to pay $96k over importing ice pipes to WA
Well at least my life has gotten a lot easier once I was able to own slaves again
"I discovered that my grandma's mom was ethnically Romany (Gypsy), which would have been a real problem for her back then (lots of racism). Her dad died when she was a kid and nobody knew where he came from, so I guess that's why nobody ever talked about him much. I also discovered that my parents are (very, very) distant cousins, and are both apparently related to the Stuart Kings of Britain...despite the fact that all my grandparents are Polish. How weird."
Greek inspired or Overwatch inspired? ;)
Yeah i am
He was seeing her before mom died
I feel like Windows is just making fun of me now (That's one of the automatic backgrounds)
My game against Bacon
"Song vs Song Pretty simple, compare any two songs by the band, for e.g. ""Endors Toi vs Sundown Syndrome"" The next person who comments will choose the one they prefer and leave their comparison for the next commenter to choose from, and so on and so forth. Enjoy!"
TIL my depression is fake and my psychiatrist is a dumb fuck
did you just stop?
Has science gone too far?
"Hell just thinking that if you want to level a character from level 1, thats 97 levels you have to earn before you will even see your artifact."
"Urien classic is allowed, though."
The order of their slate is not an issue. We don't need another Batman origin movie. The issue is the fact that the movies they put in the theaters haven't been exactly that great. If BvS had amazing critical reception and passed the 1 billion mark would you still think the slate is screwed up? They just need to put good movies in the theaters.
"So, analog to that, how do you handle killing children on a daily basis to fulfill your nutritional supply since you haven't solved the world hunger problem which we are partly causing with our own food distribution and creation?"
Ok ok so we finally had snow in Catalonia...
My problem is always that the part I didn't have out the whole time will now burn. I tanned when I was a teen and wore underwear in the booth. By the time I regretted it there was no going back :(
Generate Electricity and Digital Currency by Walking Over Street Tiles
"Donald J. Trump on Twitter: ""If Cuba is unwilling to make a better deal for the Cuban people, the Cuban/American people and the U.S. as a whole, I will terminate deal."""
At what cost though?
My boss and I had an ugly sweater competition.
"Windowed, Borderless Window, or Full-Screen?"
Cody and Tash have the same face Are we sure that's not just 2 pictures of one girl?
It ought to be dropping the Chicken Leg of Doom.
Parents Outraged At School's Introduction Of Unisex Toilets For Kids Over Age Of 8
"Why is it always jews? No matter where the nationalists are, they always blame the jews."
But Fox-Samus is unwinnable. Samus is unviable
"If they aim to be a top10 team then sure they should keep this roster, but if they want to reach the next level they need to get some underrated awper starting with a K, forgot his name though"
Can you imagine doing this in real life? You mess up a report and one of your coworkers shoves you? What a jerk.
This is why new people quit. They want a job not a cult.
"Police mull helicopters, CCTV to fight New Year sex crimes"
"Foolish Liberals, what's next? Repeal the 13th?"
I'm from the berry myself. Went to CHS.
I always go for many thanks
No GR3 gear??
The choice of Sogno Di Volare as the title track for Civ VI bothers me How did Christopher Tin not call it Baba Yetwo
It's the Friday night special on TTM T.V. #dramarama
The m40x I use right now have a detachable cable. They cost me ~$80 plus $10 for a braided replacement short cable from Amazon. This guy is willing to pay $160 for shit quality earbuds. That's why Apple is so successful. The majority of their customer base has much more money than common sense.
I need a new name any options? I've had I Just Came for about 3 years now I think so it's time for something new lol. I'm a ADC main so I'd like something funny with that if possible. I'm not very creative lmao.
that's the story of reddit
wow. But i bet there is a catch. just wait for it
"So 30 minutes in and no mention of channel listings, DVR information, etc. How about some actual information."
WE TOLD YOU THIS ENTIRE TIME IT WAS JUST A TAX GRAB
"Great Barrier Reef suffered worst bleaching on record in 2016, report finds"
I don't care who he votes for but he has given to openly anti gay causes
Am female. It's always a fun day when your identity is used to shame and humiliate. Might as well have the n-word printed on the vest.
Stopped by the Dime MTL pop up last week!
Why is this not uplifting?
How would you split them?
Do you ever find it hard to understand people's accents?
Added new ship weapon technology Has anyone gotten any new weapons for there ship yet? I haven't been able to find any
TIL that Ciera Eastin is the only contestant in Survivor history to vote out her own mom.
"What are 3 characters you hope to see in the game at some point? NM does a pretty good job of giving us new characters and content. With the Marvel Universe full of unique and awesome characters, who are three that you're dying to see in the game at some point? My top three: 1) Mysterio - my absolute favorite villain in the entire marvel universe. I would want a classic version of the character, fish bowl and all. Can you imagine how visually appealing his skills would be since they're illusion-based? I don't know if it'll ever happen, but here's to hoping. 2) Wonder Man - Another one of my all-time favorites. I'd love to see Wonder Man in this game, especially with an ultimate style costume where he's basically living ionic energy. 3) Nova (Richard Rider) - cosmic heroes are extremely cool and Nova feels far overdue, especially since the Nova corps are in the game. Honorable mention: Howard the Duck - Quack-Fu. That is all."
"Libertarian isn't ""free market"". that's capitalism not Libertarianism."
"The best trick is the flat rate repair on macbooks ""oh, your two year old laptop has an issue that should really be covered by an extended warranty? That'll be $799, or you can buy this new one for $999"""
"Her argument that made her ""sound like a 5 y/o"" is actually very relevant. Feminists have this thing called ""retroactive consent withdrawal"" where they literally say that they do not consent (present tense) to the sex they had before (past tense). While you can obviously withdraw consent during the act, you can't just say ""Hey, I regret that time I had sex with Tom. Actually, you know what, I withdraw consent. He raped me."" It's like watching a movie. You can, at any time, decide that the movie isn't worth watching anymore. But you can't watch it, then decide you want your time back because you didn't like the movie."
Do you really think it's cool or are you trying to seek attention because you're a girl?
Battlefield 1 giveaway. I will pick winner randomly at 10pm mt.
Anybody can be a porn star on molly
upvote this to die instantly
I wouldn't go for a gift based on Latios &amp; Latias.... unless their last name are Lannister
Jose Aldo slams Conor McGregor's title reign after giving up featherweight belt
For all those who were bummed out by Evangelion
He specifically states he wants ideas or rumours.
Clogging the toilet is truly a shitty feeling.
"Since 9/11, Almost 100,000 Somalian Refugees Admitted Into USA"
Shady just got his 27th TD I wonder how different this team would be if Carson had a reliable RB like that...
okay cool thanks!
It's the lack of understanding. I had someone who was surprised when I bought a box of ammo that I could walk around the mall legally with it. People just don't understand our laws at all
"Yes, I don't understand how this information should be made public."
"Should nerf the inferno tower i hate it so much, and why is mega M being nerfed."
Only treyarch makes prefect challenges. The other two companies just don't get it
^^^^^^BORKNADO
Pretty sure that app is a crock of shit. I've had for a couple of weeks now and it gives me a different reading every time I open it.
"What to do with M-Games Forte? Just built BCA Deangelo and I already have DiMarco as my FB, leaving no space for Forte. Do I elite exchange him or keep him just as a collectible?"
*No one trains past level 7 anymore
"""Hey Pilo... WTF ARE YOU DOING!?"""
really hating the way Butler is finishing this game
"Trump on Twitter 2/7/13: ""Obama can kill Americans at will with drone strikes, but water-boarding is not allowed-Only in America! ""If you hate America so much maybe you should run for president and fix things"" ""Be careful!"""
"My (probably very biased) attempt at a team, with those just behind in brackets. I've tried to go for players who have performed in several games, so May or O'Brien for instance can't really be considered as they have only played about twice each. Wing and flanker the hardest to pick IMO 1) Mako Vunipola (McGrath and Moody) 2) Dane Coles (Creevy and Guirado) 3) Tadhg Furlong (Franks) 4) Maro Itoje (Gray, Retallik and Launchbury) 5) Sam Whitelock (AWJ and Toner) 6) Who knows. Stander? Kaino? Robshaw? Moriarty? No consistent standouts across the year. 7) David Pocock (again tough, maybe Haskell or Hooper) 8) Billy Vunipola (Isa, Heaslip, Picamoles and Reid) 9) Conor Murray (Smith and Landajo) 10) Beauden Barrett (daylight) 11) Simon Zebo (Nadolo and Vakatawa maybe) 12) Owen Farrell (Henshaw) 13) Anton Lienert Brown (Joseph) 14) Israel Dagg (North) 15) Ben Smith (Hogg and L Williams) So basically New Zealand, England and Ireland with a small handful of others scattered in. No Saffas."
"There's an inconsistency with William being MiB. When MiB was telling his story to Teddy about seeing how far he could go black hat, He shots Maeve and her child then he notices that Maeve seemed to show behavior beyond the regular host programing which implies this is the first time he's noticed it except it shouldn't be if he's william since he's noticed this unusual behavior in Dolores."
Only for US.
I literally have a whole box of red sample cups from last year our store was going to throw out lmao
"as someone who lives in baltimore, im looking to gtfo asap. things have gotten so much worse after the riots, and criminals are basically free to roam especially juveniles cause they catch them when they commit crimes but release them like the next day. its really really shitty and this whole city is doomed to fail."
"Creepy Neighborhood During Break So I'm one of those poor souls who is staying over the break alone. I must say I've been seeing several strangers especially during night time all around campustown. One of my friends saw a stranger lurking around the apartment building and running away when made eye contact. I never really gave much thought to staying alone (Already did during thanksgiving break, didn't have any problem at all), but after witnessing and hearing all these incidents I must say I am startled. Should I be afraid?"
The latest update from RBI on amount of Old Notes deposited/exchanged up to 27th November is here.
dormaamu?
But Paris Hilton has actually worked hard.
Your delusion is outstanding.
"I haven't tested this yet, but I have a defense theory for tunnel defense. It's a theory, so take this with a grain of salt. Start with your tunnel, and go down the tunnel at least 10 blocks or so, preferably deeper. In fact, deeper would be better, but a minimum of 10 blocks in. Dig yourself a pit, using the tunnel as your center, about 3 blocks to both sides, about 8 blocks down the length of the tunnel, and maybe seven blocks down (lower is okay). Reinforce that pit with the best materials you have, because it's going to take a lot of damage. Now, build an iron ledge on the side of the pit where the tunnel leads to your base, maybe two blocks out. This is to protect against the spider zombies and to put you roughly in the middle of the pit. Build a temp bridge so you can cross to the tunnel normally... you'll be removing it during the horde. At the bottom of the pit, cover it in spikes, the best you can make. You'll be replacing these after each horde, guaranteed, so don't get attached to them. When the horde hits, remove the temp bridge, and wait for them to show up. Stand on your iron ledge, and watch them shove each other into the bridge. They'll start taking damage and tearing everything up, including the walls, but you should be high above them as they are roaming around. Let them build up down there for a little bit, and when you think the time is right.... drop bombs on them. Fire is also quite useful, I'd think drop both down there. With the bombs, fire, and spikes all doing their work, even the strongest zombies are going to have a bad day. If flyers manage to get in, you'll be able to back into the tunnel and fight them with melee. This setup will likely leave ferals alive, you'll have to shoot them to death, but you should be safe while they struggle in the pit. Cops will likely try to snipe you from across the tunnel, but they're going to be getting shoved into the pit from the other zombies or shooting their fellow zombies in the back, and you can gun them down from a distance... now that I think of it, putting a defensive barrier of some sort to hide behind would be a good idea. Give it a try, I'm curious how effective it is. I'm going to be trying this when I start my new game next week."
Neocom for iOS android is garbage why would u ever get android laffo
A slice of only the finest
So not the tow hook? Designed exactly for this purpose? No part of the frame is designed to take that kind of sudden force.
"I feel like, thematically for the story, the pokemon is holding back. They don't seem to be bloodthirsty, and it doesn't feel like they're trying to kill each other, just incapacitate. For more competitive aspects of the game, yeah I think it is pretty annoying though."
Ahem... Freedom units.
"Thought's on Brilliant fusion engine in Metalfoes? I'm running it in my Metalfoe/Deskbot build and it's been pretty nice. The only problem is deck space, but I've found some decent rations. I'm planning on moving to a pure Metalfoe build in the future though, and I was wondering what peoples thoughts were."
"I am going to be putting a train horn on my truck this winter. Right behind the front bumper. I already have a genuine used train horn that I snagged from when I worked with the CN, so I just need to rig up the air system. Those horns need a *ton* of airflow."
Everyone on Earth gets to wish for a superpower but you'll only get yours if literally no one else wishes for the same power. What do you wish for?
You say it like it is a bad thing
"Yeah, that's impressive enough if it can be reproduced cheaply, and introduced into the market."
"honestly, I don't believe the people at your door think they are advertising. I am sure most of them feel they are doing the work of god. However, somewhere up the chain of command there's a group of people rubbing their hands together, hoping you'll bring another tither to the audience."
"They're right, he could have shot her. But didn't."
Can I have reset button for my life? Anet help!
Abella Anderson and friend
"We have mastered the ""spin"". All forms of media do it for varied reasons, many times just to ""sell"" more. Truth has become irrelevant for almost all news sources. Only thing that matters is 1. is it moderately believable? 2. does it gather interest? 3. can I monetize it? ...sounds good, publish it."
"Fun fact: the 2003 Houston Astros featured an all-Jeff infield: 1st baseman Jeff Bagwell, 2nd baseman Jeff Kent, 3rd baseman Geoff Blum, and shortstop Adam Everett (who goes by his middle name, first name: Jeffrey) (x-post r/Jeff)"
"Trump Only Got 4.63% of the Vote in Oakland, Lost to Jill Stein in Berkeley"
Cat.
"What, why? This isn't some celebrity or sports star you can just ignore, this guy's running the goddamn country!"
I'm so excited for this. First live pro wrestling show in like... a decade. Opted to choose between TakeOver or Survivor Series. Went with TakeOver. Think I made the right call.
"They made up the lie, that then somehow became the truth, because why again? Are you saying racist Pepe memes didn't exist until the Daily Beast said they did?"
Progressives Demand Gun Control After Knife Attack At Ohio State
"I love your username so much, wish I was clever enough to think of that"
"I first took it as Gender of Bender, some offshoot Futurama robot gender"
"Rather than putting your name on a list and making the job easier for the super surveillance state, you should be organizing protests and taking to the streets"
Looks clean as hell man
"Freshman hitting me up. Wat do? I'm a sophomore right now and a freshman girl has been messaging me for a couple of days and I'm fairly sure she's interested in me. But there's the whole thing with freshman being freshmen, so I don't know if I should go for it. I know that at the very least my friends will almost definitely give me shit for it. Advice pls"
"The petty part of me says to accept her invitation to work out together and completely fucking annihilate her. Like, run laps around her screaming ""This is so easy, right? Come on, let's goooo!"""
"NATO wants an enemy, their business model is shit without an enemy."
"Well, I guess we can't ""brigade"" it and earn ourselves some two day bans. Thanks, Reddit!"
"To be fair, I'd wager that most intellectuals lean liberal and left on the scale though."
"Simulation ""Middle-Earth"" was a write-off. The program was limited, the population rebelled. Controlling programs proved ineffective in non-confrontational advisory positions. Rebooting into 2000's simulation. Granting program AgentSmith.exe upper-level editation privileges."
What does burning the flag have to do with citizenship? I don't agree with a lot he is doing but I have absolutely nothing against what he said in this case. I get you may want to live in a country that is so free that people can protest and burn flags but at the same time there are people who died protecting those rights. The military doesn't let the flag touch the ground. What a fucking slap in the face to see people burning it in the streets because they don't like someone elected to a cabinet position. In Donald's words: Sad!
"The sub that cannot be named is now using the ""Hillary who"" argument. So is the rest of Reddit. Apparently, the ""whatabouthillary"" argument stopped being valid. Like 5 hours before. Seriously at this point they can teach a parrot to say ""I don't like Trump"" and they'll support it."
December Subscriber Flair - Gold Drake Herald model
At least five people have died the last couple of years using his technique. I would be very carefull.
I guess he wasn't planning on paying for his drink anyway but now he'll need to so his day got worse still.
Feel free to send me a MG Zaku 2.0 u/CVUnknown
Why do they need money for an election recount?
Can you please provide details of the config? Thanks!
NEW REQUEST THREAD you kno what to do
Eminem comment chain in Ask Reddit thread
Double woosh?
"#""SUSPECT"" Fuck, I hate this."
My Dad and Uncle at their joint wedding. 1970's
Northern England Power Ranking - Autumn 2016
That's the one.
Even Bennie and the Jets never got old for me. It sounds like it's being played in concert but the crowd noises were all added after it was recorded.
Nah because Rogan wouldn't say something like that to his face because that's a dick head thing to say. In fact the only person who would say something like that would be some Internet tough guy whom the closest they've ever gotten to a fight is punching their keyboard in anger when their dank meme gets down voted.
"Hey Lara, where's your gun?"
The standard iphone/ipad calculator app has it when you rotate as well.
"IAMA Professional Fundraiser at a Conservative Think Tank in the US. AMA about politics and ""dark money""! **My short bio:** I've been working in conservative politics for almost four years and work at a conservative think tank in the US as a development (fundraising) professional. In a nutshell, it's my job to keep the lights on by meeting with individual donors, foundations, corporations, and other types of organizations. I also work on soliciting the general public for support via direct mail, email, phone calls, online giving drives, and so on. I won't reveal who I am or who I work for, and in return, I will provide as much transparency as possible (without naming names), and clear up any misconceptions people may have about so-called ""dark money."" **My Proof:** Sent to the mods."
OH FOR FUCKS SAKE I actually wanted to go to Rams vs Eagles in LA and or course it might be a considered game for London.
I was joking. I was thinking the sarcasm was more obvious.
I'd say it's hilarious how pathethic Russia is.
The newest tracker needs a few more tweaks; some players still heavily affected.
I agree with you I'm a Penn State fan and I know that the committee will probably snub the winner of the B1G championship in favor of Washington. Who wouldn't win 8 games playing a big ten schedule.
"Just a couple of weeks ago, Giuliani went on TV and boasted that he's saved more black lives than any other public figure. That's the sort of people who have Trump's ear."
"All-In Jitters Def not a savvy degen like some on here, but I dabble. I had a Bovada account I hardly used and decided to go all-in every time and see where it takes me. I started two weeks ago with $30 and am currently sitting on $500. My goal is to make $5k to pay for my wedding coming up next year. My only rule is that every bet has to be all-in. I've avoided parlays (although I did take Pats and Raiders to win in a parlay yesterday afternoon) I also have taken bets I normally wouldn't take like Golden State to win betting $200 to win $20 or something silly like that. Anyone try this strategy? How did it work out? Anything I should look out for? My betting units are usually in the single digits, so these last few bets have been pretty fun to watch unfold! I figure I'm 4-5 bets away from hitting my goal. It feels a bit like real-life Who Wants To Be A Millionaire... this is me using a lifeline to call Reddit and get some pointers."
"Google Allo hit 5 million downloads in 5 days - two months later, its momentum seems utterly stalled"
"If you have such a precious Carr, you gotta pay for the expensive insurance!"
Any Idea why Jagex never invites sparc mac to these video maker meetings? He is one of the biggest streamers and uploads consistently on his own channel (Not the community Channel) it's just very sad to see how they ignore him like this...
If I may. Pirate it. Check if you can play and buy it if you can. That's what I did.
How much FAAB did player X cost in your league? Let's get some real data for the folks who have late waivers. Use percentages. Jordan Howard? Terrelle Pryor? Kyle Rudolph? Jimmy Graham? Jamison Crowder? Orleans Darkwa?
Rich Chigga
Mine hasn't listed a whole lot.
Olympia Stream?
"I sneakily picked up Peterson and Watkins for $1 (waiting a couple weeks for gurley) in my 12 team keeper. We're allowed to keep free agents/waivers for what we bid + $5. Boy are people going to be pissed when I keep peterson, watkins and lacy for $18 next year"
"Body autonomy naturally follows with body *responsibility*. It is the woman's body, thus it is *her* baby unless the father agrees that it is also his."
"Hmmm, something is missing here"
Ask to see their statements as it is only right and just as quick as they will refuse. Let them know just as they see their finances as private they should jave the same respect. At 15 i was making $800.00 a week working 2 jobs and my parents never asked to see anything or had any concern for my money
You're acting like his advisors are smarter than him when they're a bunch of idiots as well.
Not only was he an AMAZING pitcher. But he was also one of the rare superstars that truely has fun playing the game
John Jay to Cubs
"I'm not sure what's up with Sweet Scent, it should work as Cutiefly/Ribombee can have Honey Gather and you can buy Honey which works in the overworld, or dig but I know for sure teleport no longer works outside battle. Seems the game is intent on forcing you to buy honey for wild encounters and escape ropes for caves."
"What Makes a True Fan? Something has been bothering me a little bit for the past couple of weeks... Is it a bad thing that I don't keep up with every last update and *Did You Know?* video for the *Five Nights at Freddy's* series? For those of you who have seen my two-part speech about how this amazing series has transformed my life for the better, you already know how much I love the games and their creator. However, this question has crossed my mind a few times, because I feel like some people may think that I don't hold up to my word, even though college has been taking up so much of my time. &amp;nbsp; If you have any reassuring words for me, I would appreciate them. You guys in this Subreddit are some of the best people I've ever met!"
"When you join matches hosted in other countries, what irrational stereotypes do you have about their playstyle?"
You guys are acting like JJ has never been on NBCSN before. JJ is employed by the Flyers Flyers are owned by Comcast Comcast is owned by NBC NBC also owns the NBC Sports Network They employee their employees for their stations...
Looks like the Kamehameha is going for a diplomatic victory.
Trump picks Goldman Sachs Alumn Mnuchin for Treasury
"What will be the first few legendary cards you craft in MSOG? The three that stick out for me are Inkmaster Solia, Raza the Chained, and Kazakus. I love the Reno style of decks. A dragon-Reno priest deck looks like it has potential to be a lot of fun, and possibly even competitive. How about you?"
Holy fuck the things you guys complain about
how accurate is this article I wonder?
"This is interesting. Has Romney ever really served in any capacity in DC? I think what Trumplings see Romney as is a guy who didn't support Trump, and that's not forgivable for them."
"Just bought my flight to Orlando for the Goofy Challenge in Jan, anyone else doing that race?"
"Still mad at myself for not pulling the trigger on a new 14 sedan limited when I had the chance, now they're all used &amp; becoming more molested as each day passes. :("
Sheet
"""Legacy Python"""
"As much as I support historical preservation, and enjoyed the character of the Cavalier years ago, I don't support this. It does not have real historic significance and the amount of money (via tax breaks and incentives) is staggering. If a developer wants to invest and recoup their investment that is one thing, but tens of millions of public money for a private hotel that will never generate the ROI for the city is disgraceful. Of course, if there is some evidence that the revenue being brought into VB over the next 5 years fully offsets or exceeds the millions in tax breaks and incentives, I withdraw my negative opinion."
Gift Ideas
"This is not wtf. This is a victory. That man chose to die with the assistance of doctors; he wasn't euthanized against his wishes. It's not up to us to tell people their lives are worth living. Only they can decide that. There was a woman who suffered tinnitus and opted to end her life because the constant noise made her standard of living unbearable. ""Oh,"" you might think, ""what's a little noise in your ear? I could live with that."" But she couldn't and that should be enough. I think suicide should be an issue of medical autonomy."
Ill just drop my phone and start rubbing my hands together
Any chance I can get that on a zip
Why America's white working class feels left behind (2016)
"Chris Paul has his first Triple Double of the season. 26pts, 13asts, 10rbs It was a pretty big mess of a game, but Chris Paul played his heart out as he usually does and earned himself his first Triple Double of the season. He also hit a huge clutch 3pt to send it to OT."
"Still hunting Ditto...when I see ""gotcha"" it feels like I'm the one that's been had."
"According to the title, it was a Craigslist donor. You can find *anything* on Craigslist!"
Tories open near record poll lead - The Conservatives lead Labour in every area of the country across every social group
Ugly people must think the world is full of assholes.
Dom is the winter soldier right now
"Well, guns have one job as far as I'm aware and if I were in the market for some guns based on this need I'd want to see what kind of capacity I'm getting for my money."
Vodka
"I dunno, I've gotten with some pretty good looking guys at cons."
"Monty will make random remarks when you go down. The shadow man will talk directly to your character (I believe) upon your first down after the wisps swap to red. So far from experience; He questions Tank directly, asking if he even remembers his own name. He questions Nikolai directly, asking if he is actually proud of his russian blood. I think he asks Richtofen about a promise. And I don't remember Takeo's. I think it had to do with his pursuit of honor."
"I once performed cunnilingus on my pocket pussy , after i had sex with it. I was on xanax. Not really a story , just wanted to let it out."
"You base these judgments off of history, not actions like statements, and history has shown Trump to be very moderate and even liberal. Using history might not be perfect but it's the most accurate indication we have to how someone will act in the future."
"What if they're replaced with Nadia and Ruby? It might work, it's not bringing in newcomers. Nad n Ru! (Also, a lesbian and a Muslim... very channel 4!)"
"Hmm okay, hate to base my game purchasing off of reviews, but $60 seems like a gamble for this one. There hasn't been a good Final Fantasy since 10 ugh"
"Frieza death beams Gohan all over after Gohan beat Tagoma-Ginyu. Right before Piccolo jumps in the way to save him since he can't ""Dodge!"""
"Say what you want about their foreign policy, but Russian interventionism has resulted in greater peace and stability than anything the US has instigated."
"Football grounds that sound like locations in Lord of the Rings, I'll start: Deepdale"
"I know this a parody meant for the lulz, but if you really have that much trouble with snipers I'd suggest using the Fists of Steel and trying to avoid sniper sightlines as much as possible. Also spam crouch when you HAVE to cross a sightline as it'll throw off their aim and make headshots a lot more difficult."
"Snow, forest and mountains. I found Canada."
Too damn close.
You clearly cared enough for you to leave a comment.
Someone in my local got this for his Pre-Release promo
"Well, I certainly applaud anyone wanting to eat 800 big Macs, but take it from this old McDonald's rat, I've spent my entire adult life eating at McDonnald's, and a program like this one can do more harm than good. If you only eat big Macs one part of your body (and that's all a single burger type like Big Mac is going to do for you), you're setting yourself up for injuries down the road. I've seen it a hundred times. Big Macs basically only train the gut muscles and to some extent, the esophagus. What you really want to do is train your entire digestive system, all the major gut groups (esophagus, stomach, colon, liver, and kidneys) at the same time, over the course of a Big Mac meal. So, you will need to add large Big fries, and Large coke with it. Ask for the ""Go Big"" program. I'm proud of you guys wanting to do this. Three big meals! Falling in love with eating big Macs, etc., is one of the greatest things you can do for yourself. And you WILL fall in love with it if you can just force yourself to stick with it a year or two and experience the amazing progress you'll make. But do it right, okay? My advice, find any McDonnald near you, with qualified burger flippers who will design your burger for you (especially in the beginning, until you get the hang of it yourself) and guide you in your quest for physical fatness. Three to 5 burgers a day, three days a week, is all you'll ever need to do (I refuse to believe anyone is so busy that he or she cannot make time for that, especially considering how important it is). And don't worry about being embarrassed or not being out of shape the first time you walk into McDonnalds. You have to start somewhere and almost every one of us were there ourselves at one time. So no one will say anything to you and very, very quickly you will progress way beyond that stage anyway. Now get out there and get fat! :-)"
Can precision throwing knife hits be a one-shot kill if you have Incendiary Blade on?
Santa hats in Seattle I have been all over downtown looking for Santa hats. The only ones I've found are too small to fit my head. Any advice?
It's your inability to phrase things clearly.
Wayne paints blue line in support of police
What about Mei?
There is nothing unplayable or game breaking imo. Minor annoyances are some delays before skill deploys but doesn't break it.
"Complicated? No. Unnecessary? Yes. If I spawn and I select AK + Tec9, just give me that all next spawns. Why would one of the two be taken away from me? Also spawning the first round without guns... DM is pretty broken in that regard."
"Your arms shouldn't be crossing and your hands should *mostly* stay at the same positions throughout the turn. Towards the end of the turn, loosen your grip and the wheel will come back to its original position on its own. Practicing in a parking lot will probably help. This is one of those odd things that's easier to feel and do than explain on paper."
Can we get the scope texture for the SSG Dragonfire? It looks amazing!
You can win the popular vote and still lose the election.
those are trees
Google's Adsense platform absolutely will help you design and create the ads. They offer a bunch of tools do so.
"Actually baseball has a salary cap. But you can exceed it, if your willing to pay the luxury tax, which most don't. Not even the Yankees anymore"
Finally Hangouts Got the GIF Keyboard Integration
"""Young Men""....shit, that one dude at *least* thirty."
"I've literally had to tell people to move so I could enter a public place bc they were just standing in the doorway talking. Wasn't even a bar or anything, it was a pharmacy and a grocery store. If you wanna tell Sheryl about your brat's baseball league, take it into the parking lot."
Yeah why would a predominately African American industry dislike someone who waves the flag of a country whose very raison d'etre was overwhelmingly the continued violent oppression and subjugation of African Americans. Such a mystery.
"Was thinking the same thing. I have a ""decent"" set of clubs that cost me like $1,000 a few years ago and I'm sure I wouldn't get more than a couple hundred for them now. I guess every little bit counts, but scrounging for $500 for a wedding is tough to hear about."
Did anyone else used to read the original game manual for fun? This is how I got my wow fix as a kid when I couldn't play (2004)
"If you have any exposed wiring, you should either cover it up with a shrink wrap or go and buy a new one. Make sure you buy a licensed charger because the cheaper ones are bad build quality"
Didn't you hear? It only matters if the rural battleground states want it to be legal.
"No what you said in your other comment was ""NA fans think real KR talent would join western teams."" In other words NOT REAL TALENT, such as pray, bengi and duke would not go to NA/EU, which news flash 2 of those 3 are probably going to NA, and that's ""REAL"" KR talent. You seem like a monte wannabe with less brain cells."
"Beta to ios10? I downloaded the public beta version of ios10 a while ago, and I'm wondering if it's possible my phone automatically updated to the actual ios10 version today? It says I am running iOS 10.0.1. Just wanna make sure I'm not on beta anymore. Thanks!"
"Basically parliament could've voted to *endorse* a Royal Commission, but as you rightly point out, the Commission itself can only be issued by the Crown. It would've been a tactical coup (and it already was, in a sense), but wouldn't have resulted in an RC."
"Wow, it blocks doorknocks?"
"All bolts should come out of the fusion rifle, even if you die during the firing animation... I know it's taking a risk even whispering about fusion rifles, let alone making a post about them, but damn it! If the gun makes the sound and animation of firing the bolts, then all of the bolts should come out of the gun! It's been brought up before, but it's worth mentioning again... It sucks to charge up a shot, have it fire, die during firing, and only have 2 or 3 bolts come out..."
2 dead electronic devices + 3 delayed flights + 6 colored pencils I found in my backpack = a self portrait
And the opposite crew didn't win as well
"Considering the right wing party will implement immigration policies that will probably save this holocaust victim from being another victim, her fears are completely misguided"
"Keynes never proposed never-ending deficits and higher taxes to pay for ever increasing spending. And yes, vulgar keynesianism was proven decisively wrong in the 70's. There's a reason neo-liberalism and the Washington Consensus came about."
Twitter says it will ban Trump if he breaks hate-speech rules
"Yeah, but the unfortunate thing in this case is Priests were competitive and then fell to the bottom when Standard launched. Since then they complained constantly and they are being rewarded for it. With Rogue, they were hit hard with the Blade Furry nerf. There was some reasonable complaining about it, and they were ignored. Which is shown in the original comic. If that is what continues happening, it will turn into everyone complaining even more because Blizzard rewards it."
SKT Peanut confirmed!
"That's why he's a bandwagoner, he switched to Indians"
Botched execution by firing squad in Nigeria 1971. One guy in the middle still alive after getting shot twice.
"First thing you do....check if you have a delay in the software you are using in school and the actual stock market. That was the case when I was in school. Our software was on a 15 min delay, so you could just look up what stocks were going up and then buy them at the price cheaper price."
Nothing on this planet happens without them.
"During an apocalypse, what would you do with your pets?"
"To be fair, it's for your own benefit. You don't have to, but that's helping a community out, making the game a better game. If you're too selfish to see the point of helping the VAC team out, don't bother replying."
"Hi guys, I have a pair of bookshelf speakers and a power amplifier, but no pre-amp. Can I just hook up the power amp to my TV and use the speakers thru the power amp? Or will this risk damage to the speakers?"
Here's Fletcher Cox moving Corey Linsley literally 5 yards in the backfield despite not making the tackle from Monday
You ever play Oregon Trail?
Is it ever possible to win against this?
What are those great things again?
"Wikihow has guides on how to become a dictator with pictures, or how to overthrow a government and start a revolution. So flag burning guides are pretty mild things for them."
A baby? I suggest you call a doctor.
Would Jabrill Peppers be best suited to play as a coverage linebacker? Peppers has showed he's an elite athlete and can play anywhere on the field. Mostly plays at safety but takes snaps at linebacker. Would his best position in the NFL be as a coverage linebacker similar to what Mark Barron (former top ten safety pick) is for the LA Rams? His tackling and athleticism would make me a deadly weak side coverage backer.
Does it always use 100% or is that just in Survival?
"I lose more respect for this guy everyday. In that statement, when he says ""be on the ground"" it means do stuff for the American people. He says democrats aren't ""on the ground"" because they are busy working on international policy. As if that is, by any measure, a success? He has been the biggest letdown of a president, driving us right of a cliff while he rides a predator drone all over Syria, waging a war on whistle-blowers, increasing government surveillance and standing by while our militarized police jerk off to their abuse power right and left and somehow, there is coalition of law enforcement violating human rights while faced the wrong fucking way at DAPP. What a joke."
Am i fat?
where are all the offended people at?
Surrender to madness doesn't need top level experience to realize it's stupid.
"I feel like this is what it means to be an adult. Where you spend countless hours juggling eggs and eventually end up dropping them. Luckily, there was a skillet right under you."
"It is, but the person I'm responding too clearly didn't read it. Collecting =/= selling."
"Silly season. We're ""linked"" because its easy to throw the name of the reigning champs in the mix of a rumor article."
"palakasan sa gobyerno patuloy pa rin ... aminado na si bato sa kanyang mga kasalanan, wala pa ring kaso"
Swallow recommits to Gold Coast
Return mail order. Basically means to claim your warranty.
A stinky mexican that's what.
"Why do Americans think stuff like that will happen? Nobody wants to kidnap you, just get over it."
"Oh, if they are all Breaker then I guess you are good."
Classism at its finest.
Mount &amp; Blade II: Bannerlord - Armagan Yavuz Interview | Beta Expected!
I got about 146 LI right now and I only joined as pug or with pugs. Maybe we dont 1shot but killing bosses is not that hard. And i believe when there's a dps meter more people will be kicked even after a succes bosskill because leader thinks you wont do enough dmg for the next boss.
"That's it! He's really good, but I didn't want to show that to OP as it doesn't 100% explain an F1 box :/"
Conte's mission should be to build a team. He can't do this with 1 year and 4 signings. He needs to stay at least until january 2018. And the board have to listen to his requests.
Ammonia and bleach.
Freebie Bottle
"According to social science it's true. Although social science isn't actually science, it's usually just one turds shitty opinion laced with their own insecurities. When you actually look at the real figures behind it a very different picture is painted almost across the board. Although facts and figures really get in the way of playing the victim at everything"
5 year old and certified pre owned just doesn't click with me
"They're afraid that if the bass is lowered too much, those headphones might actually reveal some mids and highs."
Cat.
She's just in it for followers.
"Came back to eve. Not wanting to be *that* hi-sec, bored out of his brain, l4 running carebear. Should I get into wh's? Hell, I don't even know what people do in wh's, except people jerk themselves off while boasting about the bazillion isk they pulled in there. I mean, sure, data/relic sites, whatever, but beyond that? What else is there to do, except die to the proteus that's cloaked behind you?"
BREAKING: Sheriff's Dept to Fine People $1K for Bringing in Food and Supplies to Standing Rock
"Pogba, Ibra, de Gea, Mkhi and Juan featured in Guardian's 100 Best Footballers in the World 2016"
Copenhagen Airport Fire &amp; Rescue training area
So it's okay for admins to edit comments because they don't like them?
Jeff Fisher &amp; Bill Belichick have both been coaching 22 years. Belichick: 232-115. Fisher: 173-163
Where are you loc
"Directed at him, you said ""go outside and lose some weight, at least it will look bigger compare to the rest of your body."" I like it as a diss, but it was in bad taste."
"Do not ever consent to a field sobriety test. You have a 5th Amend. right to not incriminate yourself, or create evidence that can be used against you. A field test is not for your benefit, it is to help the cop arrest you. You do not refuse to take the test. You say you are incapable of doing the test. The cop will ask you several times, ""Are you refusing to take the test?"" Your answer is, ""No, I am not refusing, I am physically incapable of doing the test."" Then shut your mouth. There is no need to tell the cop why. The cop will then decide, based on how coherent you are when speaking with him, if you are let go, or taken to the station for a breathalyzer. I'm 50/50 on this so far. The first time I got to go the the station, where I blew a 0.000% BAC. The 2nd time I was let go. If I had done the field tests, I might have got a DUI."
Uhhh. We wouldn't even have democracy if it wasn't for Christianity.
Billionaire chair of Donald Trump's New York campaign says he hopes Obama dies from 'having relations' with a cow and Michelle goes back to being a male ape in the new year
Scotland is 96% white
As long as it isn't SBMM for SRL I'll be OK. That and I don't want to constantly get matched into sweaty races filled with Gjallarwings.
Give Zulrah a Santa hat for Christmas
The face of betrayal
Russell Wilson getting rid of the ball quicker than ever
"well british children in britain should have priority in british schools, should they not? or is this racist to put your countrymen first especially in areas where the schools are full up and people are finding it hard to find places?"
"This can't be right. Something on reddit that actually makes me feel good? Where am I? It's still 2016, right?"
Do you think homosexuals should be punished?
We took in a homeless kitten. His name is Doug. He's fitting in nicely
"Camel never gave me anything :( On a serious note though that sounds awesome. My case is a beautiful brown leather and steel. Got it for a great price. I bought it because 2 of my coworkers, my boss and my father smoked the same brand I did so I lost a pack or 2 a day because they took it. It works wonders and it's very durable."
Just when all browsers are going to block Flash by default next year?!
my bodybuilder friend
"It's too bad that in AMAs like this (and really, all AMAS) we never get to see answers to really good follow up questions like this one. Wish Reddit had a mechanism to have some of the more intriguing follow-ups answered, either during or after the AMAS."
Level 14+ in Goblin Stadium. (Mirror level 13 on arena towers and king tower)
I'd have no problem with it as long as they were voted into power for being a good leader and having good policies. I don't want to see a black person or Muslim voted into power just because they are black or a Muslim. That's the wrong way to go about it. Similar to how people wanted to vote for Clinton just because she'd be the first woman president. It's nuts.
Jaguar eats a sea turtle alive
What sites do you go on to kill time?
Marchetti is possibly out injured with something calf related. He will be tested right before the match. They loaned Berisha to Atalanta so the 2nd goalkeeper is a 21 year old with only 10 caps in Serie B.
"FUT champion rewards PC players, when?"
"I think I agree. The Force awakened, not ""Rey"" or ""so and so"" awakened. I've thought since day 1 that it was the Force actually coming into it's own (for lack of a better phrase.) I think the Force is experiencing life for itself for the first time, or at least after many years of only flowing and binding others."
What's difference does it make? Counties widely vary in population.
Retirement doesn't get you out of the contract at all.
"His reasoning in raising the prices was sound, and the media never gave him a chance to explain himself until he posted his own video explaining it. Someone has a link somewhere"
Prooooooooooooooof
"I love how Puddy was just staring straight forward at nothing. I suppose the TV could have been on but with no audio from it, it looks like he was just staring. Classic Puddy."
"1060 6gb is affordable, hopefully not too far out of budget"
For every dude going ''Those games are overhyped and if you play them now they're not that good'' there are 2 dudes like you who just played it for the first time and are like ''wow''
Well then do what the CIA does best and overthrow a government
"YW1017 11.0.0-33U - Black Friday N3DS ""Super Mario White Edition"" YW7029 11.0.0-33U - Black Friday N3DS ""Super Mario Black Edition"""
"That was two years ago, majority of us haven't seen it before"
Goldman Sachs poised for return to power in Trump White House
"Wow. That's one science-y fucktard. How can one refute such emotionless, well-researched positions haha"
Popcorn flavor 3mg thanks for the chance!
"As someone else with ADHD, there is always help to be given once it is sought."
New Patch Live On PS4/XB1
and threw her into a van like a side of beef! (I got to say it for once lol)
He made the right choice. Last action hero is a good movie that has been misunderstood for decades. I saw it in theaters and loved it ever since. It's possibly the first meta parody action comedy ever.
Why did the driver of the vehicle with the cam not stop?
Don't do the crime if you can't do the time. I hope you get fired you whinny entitled dipshit.
"""miles""?! HA!!!!"
"This ""victory tour"" is going to backfire for Trump. I see massive protests, maybe some violence. It would be nice if he used this tour to calm the panic, reassure people that he has good intentions. I really think he's going to gloat over his win, and double down on all the issues that have caused such a great divide."
"Judging from the responses here, making Flowers into a rape victim is a very important part of promoting this story for Team Trump."
ESAM's 1.1.6 Tier List Pt. 5 (TOP TIERS)
(Canucks post) The real story
"But bro, it has one pseudo traffic calming walkway. Obviously that makes it carytown."
"How to go about ""Why does this happen"" in physics the math used in physics comes from experimental results, or deductions based on assumptions made about the physical phenomena, they don't explain ""why"" we infer as to why. they just describe behavior. How does one go about questioning why things work the way they are? It seems to get pretty philosophical when you start questioning very fundamental laws of physics, too. Why do different charges attract each other??? Why do similar charges repel each other???"
Best part was how the police officer strutted backwards.
Any reason why it looks like the two teams are wearing basically the same jersey color? Don't teams usually have multiple kits to avoid this?
"Some fruitarians do that I believe. That sounds ideal, you could say you live your life without killing a single thing."
"Brian Billick citing ""Toxic Differential"" as evidence Giants wont make the playoffs"
graffiti is the coward's protest (deserved or not).
"That type of fake-out is as bad as the ""Dream sequence that you don't know is a dream sequence that ends with the character waking up sweating in bed"". I fucking hate when shows/movies do that. It's so fucking lazy."
"Exactly, lots of space, not many people. Perfect. Europe is so crowded. Also Europeans can be vicious, all those wars. Canadians are so nice we hear (not to cute puppy seals though surprisingly, really what's with that ?). Demographic charts say that in coming years some tens than hundreds of millions people from Africa will be needing home. You don't mind to help them do you ?"
President-Elect Trump picked General Mattis for Secretary of Defense. Thoughts?
Your 2017 predictions for our hobby What do you think will happen within our hobby (and for relevant/related industries or brands) in 2017? I'll post mine in the comments.
"As a 76ers fan, I guess TSM isn't my favorite lol team anymore. Can we trade Nerlens Noel for Bjergsen?"
The Dallas Cowboys are now the first team to clinch a 2016 playoff berth Thanks to Washington losing to Arizona
Because it must be TSM fans doing the chant? I was in Stockholm last year for the EU finals and the crowd had a massive TSM chant going on before the games
Is chargeback on the credit cards an option?
What's a LB? Is that a line...backer? They play in the middle of the defense right? Do things like stop the run? So this should help.
Hobby: guns Wonderwall: Get a Glock 19
Critiquing Progressive Mormonism and r/exmormon
Have you ever played against a lulu? karma? janna? all these shield basically the same as what you describe.
"Don't worry, it'll only last 12 hours and then they will ""apologize"" and say it was just a glitch No censorship here, nope, not on reddit."
Of course his 2+1 combo...but I mean he has stupid damage to follow his crazy burst unlike most mages with burst damage.
Let's not forget Sobek! He needs some love too...
My experience tells me that they cock their heads to the side and then they go do something they're not allowed like get up on the counter and eat food.
"R2 Sidewinder gameplay? I've been watching for this from Frothy, gamesager, anyone really, but I haven't seen a single piece of gameplay from the Sidewinder primary in R2. Anyone know of any videos of it in action?"
Gaz got gains
"How to Report Racial Slurs in Username to Nintendo? Saw a person with the username 'burnt*nigger' in the festival plaza two nights ago. I took a picture and tried to contact Nintendo on their forum about it, but haven't had any luck or response. Anyone know how to formally notify them of this?"
Now lets just hope he isn't one of the people that hasn't found out about artifact knowledge.
That makes her smart. More CEOs should show initiative like that.
"What is the most stupid ""men's rights activist"" quote you've ever heard?"
I'd creep on you friend &lt;3
(Serious) What is it with half naked women getting thousands of upvotes?
"Town of Salem Mobile? Is there anyway to play on mobile? The play store app seems to be for tablets only, chrome on mobile couldn't run it either"
jihad
"Can an econ major help me out with homework I got Econ homework I need help on for class today at 5 P.M. It's not long at all. Will someone help me out, ill give you $5. Thanks"
"If it's real butter, then it's not cheap (this being Canada). I'd rather they provide a quality product and charge for it (and by extension, not charge those who don't want it). Anyway, the Mayfair does have some pretty good popcorn."
Are you my senpai?
"I don't buy the spending money in the local economy argument - yes they might shop at the local Kroger, Target, or eat at Crapplebee's but that money doesn't stay local."
I can not port my save.
I like it how I main Support and Bot and I get auto filled into mid half of the time.
This erection of mine is definitely going to last more than four hours.
"Yeah just the 2 P, that's why I mentioned it. I mean, I'd rather just not have the Tiger 2s in there at all, but if they're going to why add the P instead of the H? It's not historical."
You probably shouldn't respect anything about hitler
Sorry to hear that man. You were obviously such a huge drug dealer moving .01. I understand why they consider you a danger to society and had to get you off the streets. I mean imagine if that .01 had gotten into a toddlers hands.
Foreal though I was zoned out in the gym today and was randomly wondering wtf happened to him. Did he not make the NFL? Does he still get clowned by his friends? Is it hard for him to pick up chicks now?
"""Hmm, this tree doesn't count as line of sight..."" ""Ooh, a level 101 Horde leveling peacefully, and I have both Incarnation and Full Moon ready."""
If we discovered the earth was actually flat. I mean all those jokes about flat earthers.... Meaningless
Not much has changed
This the biggest point programs want to hire a sure fire coach someone with Head coaching experience is normally the best candidate and safest hire. This was a great advantage that the blue bloods had they could hire away successful coaches from the program. But the middle of the pack programs had to gamble on coordinators and assistant coaches. Tom Herman is a perfect example of this Texas would not have hired him had he stayed tOSU OC but because he was UH HC and successful Texas was much more willing to hire him.
"Ba'athism, but no Juche?"
"Your state, OP. It is shaped like a certain body part."
My sis in law made me this awesome cover for my French press. So the second cup of joe is always still hot.
Yes please. I have a breakdown as an 18 year old when I was given the choice: sign up to be a tool of war or you can't get student loans.
TIL Frank Sinatra never learned to read sheet music his whole career
"I woke up to look at my DreamTime brand alarm clock, it read 6:59, I sighed with relief as I reached to turn it off, I always hated when the radio pulled me out of sleep. Suddenly ""Dream On"" by Aerosmith blared out of the small clock and I scowled angrily before slapping my hand down on the button as hard as I could. Everything was like a blur as I got ready for school, the only thing I remembered was my breakfast, Inception: the Cereal, after all it's hard to forget Leonardo DiCaprio shaped marshmallows. ""Wait up!"" my mom shouted as I walked out the door towards the bus stop, ""You were supposed to bring your favorite movie for film class!"" She tossed me my collectors edition of ""A Nightmare on Elm Street."" ""Thanks mom!"" I shouted, ""This is a real dream come true!"" The bus arrived just after that, Mr. Sandman was driving it to fill in for the regular teacher, Mr. Freud. I took my usual seat in the back next to my best friend Little Nemo. ""What's good?"" I asked him. ""Why are you naked?"" he asked me. I looked down in shock, ""Hypnos preserve me!"" I shouted, ""I *am* naked!"" I looked around in shock, suddenly everyone was laughing at me. ""I have to get home!"" I said, panicked. ""But if you go home you'll miss the big test!"" Nemo said. ""The test!?"" I shrieked, ""What test?"" ""The one for the class you signed up for at the beginning of the year but then forgot about and then never attended,"" Nemo explained, ""If you don't pass the final then you'll fail out of college and disappoint everyone you love."" ""How could this get any worse!?"" I moaned as I sat at the desk to take the test I knew I would fail. ""Oh look,"" Nemo said, ""Here comes the girl you like, and she's dating that politician you hate!"" ""MFFUMFMA,"" I muttered as my teeth fell out. ""WAIT!"" shouted a random Indian man from a seat in front of me, ""It's me!"" he explained, ""M. Night Shamalangadingdong!"" I gasped in shock, but I couldn't say anything without my teeth. ""This is a dream,"" he said, motioning around, ""and not a very well written one."" ""What a twist!"" I exclaimed, my teeth restored, ""what comes next?"" He shrugged, ""I don't know, if I had my way these things would just sort of end after the twist was revealed."" I looked around for the easy resolution, but none presented themselves, ""Well shit,"" I said, ""I guess we just have to wait for-"" **THE END**"
I'M DRUNK AND I HAVE TO TELL YOU GUYS This is my favorite sub of all time and I love Trump so much I want to work for him hook a sister up!!! If he needs engineering students tell me
"What the hell is hiring 17 full-time officials gonna do? Human error, and judgement errors will still be there. I'm all for the gps chip inside the football, and replays on penalties/non-penalties."
Well that's what I call them. They are actually two bathrooms we have next to the break room.
HA! Latrice is truly one of the shadiest of them all
Team Skull Smeargle.
"I'm a proud support main who climbed from Bronze to Mid Plat. (AMA!) Supports are the best, and I want to convince you that fact &lt;3"
Apparently flagrants and techs aren't the same thing... I don't really get it either.
How about everytime King appears.
Look for the one with the most glorious flag.
Vladimir Putin says Russia hopes to 'normalise' relations with the United States
"Now I'm older, I don't understand how my mom can talk so much with them. If I saw someone I knew from high school, I would most likely avoid all sort of eye contact and deliberately try to avoid them."
The only thing that needs to happen now is the uprising at the end.
CEOs Can Now Be Prosecuted Like War Criminals at the Hague
95% of us will be doing this after that bill passed.
so much for headshots
"Octane ZSR 2 of each BM, Alpha set, 420 keys, a liver, your soul and a cat Pls"
Countries with Mandatory Maternal Leave
Yep happens to me whenever i hear or read one that hits home ..thought i was going through something weird
Approved Giveaway $250 of Xbox Digital Gift Cards. Random winners chosen Saturday noon EST.
Seems like the baseband is outdated. That could be the issue.
Mark 1 not in garage? I played yesterday and the tank was there but now I log in today and it's gone? Have I done something wrong or?
"Surprisingly, my record is 24-8-26 :')"
What
Conservative... we are completely destroying our planet
This cat's eyes are mesmerizing
"I mean, aren't we all cousins in a sense"
"Take that, flat earthers!"
I think we know where trump is right now since he's the freaking president
"Three months have past, how is the supposed flagship killer (OnePlus Three) so far?"
What is your Guilty Pleasure?
"Because the immediate response was to have no argument and call me racist. That's the definition of leftist. It's also a loud minority of people on Reddit, which is why I added the disclaimer, to preempt the default response to challenging to ""common"" narrative."
MFW an Islamic Somali refugee terrorist was here for 2 years and attended Ohio State University and I work 40+ hours a week for an American company and could never dream to afford state college.
nope u dont
"But fuck the elo hell of gold. My season high was 2501, I'm a Plat player. Oh, my season end was actually 1900, this is bullshit I ranked 1899."
Maybe people actually play the game ?
I mean... Kevin Ward Jr. once thought it would be a good idea to smoke
"10 years ago in the Premier League, the month of December brought us these beauties."
What's the other game?
"Mike Pence on Twitter: ""Heavy hearts today. Our beagle of 13 years passed away quietly last night. Rest In Peace, Maverick. We will miss you."""
"Oh thank heavens. Now the dude can finally go about his life, while society remembers him as a rapist. And she sees no consequences for her actions."
"Just put him out of his misery, we don't need people like this."
"Make river more water-like Right now i don't even think about that i am actually running on water, minor tweak to the map but would be cool. What do you think?"
I decided to only have only natural sugar a while back (so just the naturally occurring sugars in fruit) and LITERALLY EVERYTHING MAN MADE IS FULL OF SUGAR.
First gen. Tiburon?
"Trump team reassures AT&amp;T over Time Warner merger review - Trump vowed to block sale during campaign, but early signs look good for AT&amp;T"
Brace yourself - Donald Cronies are about to loot the US in ways not seen since Hoover.
"the stream didn't even started yet , and the clickbait has already begun , today is gonna be a fun day LUL"
"Hello there, can we get some of those HS recruits you guys have in NJ? That would *great* Also thank you for Saquon."
I found The Force Awakens to be a cheap and largely inaccurate depiction of the events surrounding the destruction of Alderaan.
"I got my kindergartners to guess how old I am. First guess was 10. Second was 100. I said ""I am definitely between 10 and 100"""
A bit late
There is an oversupply of TBM's on the market. Early retirement is needed?
Stabilizing the hostage when time runs out counts as the hostage being KIA
"if you think thats cool, just wait til you get to leviathan"
When people show up to the gym already smelling like they just ran through a garbage dump
A racist xenophobic organization supports a racist xenophobic candidate. News at 11.
Because Republicans care more about the Constitution than children.
I'd hate to know what is more highly classified than the government spying on everyone in the USA.
"TIL in 2006, ""to understand and protect the home planet"" was quietly removed from NASA's mission statement."
"I went to the Zootopia subreddit, they definitely all swing that way :p"
"is there a way to try this game out? so first im absolutely unsure if this will run on my toaster at lowest settings, and i just wanna see if theres some kind of a demo, im a tf2 player and i love tf2 i watched a few plays of overwatch and it looked really fun"
On your order details does it show them as an item?
"Drugs, bacon and alcohol."
"Fantastic four invented a time machine that initially just took them back to war-time england, where they solved mysteries with a dog as the famous five. At the end of the movie they try to return to the present but go back instead to the wild west, where they start out as comically inept and get gradually more badass and cynical, and ultimately lose their moral code altogether. After the hateful eight they try to return back to the present once again but instead transport themselves to a different dimension where they are all puppets (nine). After this another failed attempt leads to Mr fantastic being transported to Mount Sinai in biblical times, where he comes up with the ten commandments. He is then transported into the mind of a small girl called eleven and I can't be fucked to do this anymore"
"Back in the old days of the Trans Am racers, they had a setup using a windshield washer pump to spray water into the brake cooling ducts."
I didn't find it funny at all. I guess my sense of humour is a bit more sophisticated than the puerile children that frequent this subreddit.
This might not be the card for me.
You are more obsessive than me. I just friended you.
"Don't have kids, but can definitely tell you when I realized my parents were creepy"
"You just said piglet, wildturtle, and pray have similar results... let that sink in."
our season was a disappointment but consider this
You're hostile
"A farmer has 895 sheep. Realising that this is quite a lot of sheep for one farm, and Jess the sheepdog is getting a bit old, he decides he'll probably need a new dog- no, a whole team of dogs- to round so many sheep up. So the next day, the farmer goes to the pet store. He looks around at the various herding dogs- they seem very fit, but young and untrained. The shopkeeper asks the farmer if he wants any help. ""Why yes,"" says the farmer. I need a team of sheepdogs to help round up my flock. I have a rather large number of sheep, you see, and I don't think any of these young pups would be up to the task of rounding up so many."" The shopkeeper says, ""I've got just the thing for you."" and leads the farmer into a small back room, where a single sheepdog sits waiting. ""Are you sure?"" asks the farmer, ""I have very many sheep and I don't think one dog will be able to round all of them up."". ""I'm sure."" says the shopkeeper, ""This is a very intelligent dog. He's been well-trained for many jobs and has skills beyond any other dog I've ever seen."" ""Yes,"" says the dog, ""I know six languages, eight martial arts and I have a degree in engineering."" The farmer, clearly very impressed by this dog- who wouldn't be impressed by that?- decides to take him home. That afternoon, the farmer and the dog walk together up hill, and from the top they can see the entire flock covering the fields. ""Well,"" says the farmer, ""I'd like you to round up all of these sheep."". ""Okay."" replies the dog, ""You have nine hundred sheep."""
We need to supply these people with colored pencils.
"American cops would've just been like ""pew pew pew"" then dead guy with a knife."
It's hard to say without a picture. Also is this a regular L or a L Tall (which they also sell)?
Do you even squat?
"I will take an Amazon gift card, Daddy. Please and thank you."
"Whoever said they'd be doing it willingly? That's what guns are for. And if they still don't want to give it up, that's what the NKVD and Committee of Public Safety are for. They only gave up some of the gains of the Industrial Revolution under the threat of commies killing them all; it won't be any different this time."
"My teeth are in terrible condition, I don't have insurance, what can I do, where can I go? Hello I live in the Valley and having massive problems with my teeth, 2 broken teeth recently and I don't have insurance. Is there some sort of aid I can apply for, or can someone recommend places to go, or options I can try. Thanks, PM or post here."
How about no wars. What is the environmental impact of bomb explosions vs cow farts. Which is worse for the climate?
Haha
Nah it would make getting RCB too easy... t80 2h cbow for essentially 1.2m and no skill...
The irony of them harassing the ever-loving fuck out of this guy just because of a piece of clothing he's wearing seems to be completely lost on these folks. Seriously just replace every instance of them ripping on his shirt with whatever racial slur you want.
#AFTERSHOW: Trixie &amp; Edward REACT to Being Cast on American Horror Story: My Roanoke Nightmare!
"The roid-rage guy was probably gonna pound their asses, but didn't want poo on his johnson, they are lucky they did not have one."
Toronto's Liberal Red through and through.
prusik
"I love when I'm trying to film stuff and my character is like ""OH MY GOD, LOOK AT THE COLORS ON MY ARMS~!"". High in the forest, and now isnt the time XD. The pebble video I made recently, I edited out like 6 different arm checks - think one is still in there lol."
Stands absolutely still while getting head shot... did you stop healing me mercy?
You're a real fun guy.
nope
It's so special that it was too dumb to get into special Ed.
Thorin back at it again with the ''sick'' predictions
Trump considering Sheriff David Clarke as Secretary of the Department of Homeland Security
"We have the best racists, don't we folks?"
Always believe what the government says.
"I'm all about engine swaps in things... but this... Why?? This seems like a lot of effort and expense just to ""piss people off..."""
"I'd be asking for the source saying whatever ""Pachinko"" is is making more. I find it hard to believe that something I've never heard of is making more money than the Metal Gear games and whatever else Konami produces."
"It's a common event even today. My parents furniture older than me? Still looks good and functions today. Furniture I bought for the same price (inflation adjusted)? Broken after a few years. Toys my parents bought for me (connect 4, hungry hippos and more)? Worked for years and eventually sold at yard sales. I bought the same games for my kids and plastic pieces snapped/bent within a month. The TV my grandparents had worked for something like 40 years. In the nonstop quest for saving a few bucks, people have slowly opted for total shit over something that works. I don't blame companies at all for making the crap they do. I'd bet anything they were shocked and confused as people were purchasing wildly inferior products for slightly cheaper than their high quality products. Sure the competitor might look and function the same today, but in a year or two it would fail while the other would keep marching on. Over time it became a race to the bottom, to make the cheapest possible kind of everything. The story above isn't about an evil company, it's about a horde of uninformed consumers purchasing the cheapest crap they can find. I'd bet their sales were slowly suffering, with outlook getting bleaker by the year. Eventually they made the hard decision to not fight the tide anymore."
I'm more excited about Notre Dame's women's basketball. This is probably the only chance to beat UConn this entire season. Pls Notre Dame. Do it for America.
I'm banned from r/incels
Like blue Mountain Dew
Join.
President Obama Is Handing a Strong Economy to His Successor
"LPT: dollar bills are dirty and tampon applicators make great straws I'm pretty sure that's what the plastic part of a tampon, is called but I'm a guy so I may be wrong. Either way an unused one is clear than a bill and doesn't come unrolled. It is also less conspicuous than a cut up and shortened disposable drink straw. I've been doing this for years and figured I'd share. Anyone else have creative nose straw suggestions?"
Can't tell if you're being sarcastic. Any help?
Waiting for the ATLA 1080p upscale like
"We need minutes with Faried and Jokic, I just don't like any small ball lineup with Faried at center."
The mysterious billionaire who wrote cheques to get Donald Trump elected
"TIL that in the final two years of his life, Van Gogh averaged about 3 completed paintings per week. All in all, he produced 900 paintings in a 10 year career, making him one of the most prolific painters of all time."
SUPER genuine.
"I have 200gb iCloud storage but the problem is that when I had it turned on on my MacBook, it took up all the memory on my Mac. I thought the whole point was for you to not need actual disk space but it used up a ton. When I turned it off it freed up like 100gb of memory on my MacBook."
"I loved it when he slew footed Davidson, and then fell on his shoulder. Davidson is still out."
"Thorin on Twitter- ""Congratulations Astralis, ELEAGUE Season 2 champions"""
Killing hatred with kindness: Black man has convinced 200 racists to abandon the KKK by making friends with them despite their prejudiced views
?
Life is over meaning you would keep it ? No adoption/abortion?
War Eagle!
This is a good thing. This allows people that are in worse economic position to better their life. They are then less costly to the rest of society. We should really be stressing better birth control but I see no problem with this.
"Watchu talkin about fool? I play it all the time, I hate losing"
"Bon Bons Vietnam Experience - (video by TheSuperjohn702, vocals by me, and music by M3gabro)"
"Excellent cosplay, I rate 11/10"
Mr. PoopyButthole was a companion of mine.
You're not allowed to talk poorly about Russia in the_safespace. Can't expect them to know about this.
Eyes rolled out of my head
Puppy Play: How these grown men relieve stress
"They resigned him, along with bang, Wolf, huni, and peanut."
Too bad he was outed and deleted his 33x gilded account.
there are programs that can read it got you... also blind people have sighted friends
Yes but does the EU control the UK in the same way that westminster controls Scotland?
Noice. Innovative. I like it.
Inhale cannabis.
My friend's grandparent gave her their collection of Muni Fast Passes from the 1970's.
I'm curious as well. He's pretty explicitly not a Trump supporter.
Fastest way to make your guild hate you I just got my first legendary while dead and AFK in LFR. How have you made your guild hate you?
So a statement from a Trump surrogate is that Trump tells him that a cousin of the accuser told Trump that the accuser want's be a reality TV star. That's the defence.
"Which Ball/Pokemon combinations in Sun &amp; Moon look the best? Now that I'm in the post-game, I'm shifted my attention to catching and breeding interesting Ball/Pokemon combinations. I've mainly done Pokemon in Beast Balls so far, but I'm wanting to expand into more variety. So, I thought I'd see others' thoughts on good combinations. In particular, I hope to hear what balls would best go with each of the Minior cores, but any and all Ball/Pokemon combinations are welcome."
Iron Porn
Too easy? I never get that. It's harder to download a buffered show than it is to torrent it.
Death Billiards / Death Parade. I also recommend When They Cry and Paranoia Agent. Mirai Nikki
"This game is so much fun, but I feel like it's missing something and I don't know what This game is like on the 90% on being a game I'd play all the time, and I feel like they can improve it, but I just don't know what it is, it's like a feature that if they implemented I'd say ""Oh obviously"". What's the reason for this post? Who knows, that's just my opinion"
Lamborghini: Never Insult a Tractor Tycoon
"I guess I don't understand why they need a diagnosis of dysarthria or other ""medical diagnosis"" to qualify for services? Maybe it's different state by state, but here in NC, kids seeking early intervention services qualify for speech and language services from Medicaid if they meet certain criteria for a delay - even if they have a mild delay, which here is 20-24% delay for their age, Medicaid will cover services. Moderate and severe delays of course also get covered no problem. I guess it must be different where you are?"
"My point was if Haskell wasn't fast enough for me, I can imagine switching to OCaml. I wouldn't like it, but it wouldn't be much of a step down, more of a step side-ways. But *Go?* My legs would break from the fall."
NiP Xizt - The London Clutch
"I like your thinking, but sadly I just find it overly optimistic. Current Labour voters did actually majority support Remain. If we decide to be ""niceKIP"", then we lose out massively to the Liberal Democrats. As for centrist liberal elitism, I think that's just woefully discredited at the moment. The electorate gave that a chance, and decided it didn't work out for them. Centrist liberal elite parties are getting decimated all across the Western world. I think I most strongly just agree with your last sentence; I don't think Labour will seriously recover, even if we tossed Corbyn and found ourselves the idealized perfect leader who could please everyone in the party, unless the current neo-authoritarian political force just cocks up completely and gives liberalism leftism a chance to make its case again. I feel all Labour can do is wait and grimly cling on, trying to weather it as best as possible."
It says my phone can't watch the video smh
CNN apologises after producer is heard joking about Donald Trump's plane crashing
High boot on Walker - no booking or caution
"(A turbo original) Best response to when you win and your opponent says EZ? You say ""Yes it was."" Drop the mic."
"That saw is meant for finished lumber, not green growth."
I think it works on many levels
"""Lets jump and shoot randomly like that reddit post I saw a few days ago, as if it's going to work"""
"Leg Workout routine without upper body mobilization Hi guys, I had bicep tendonesis surgery done on my right shoulder/arm about 1 1/2 month ago so I cannot place any weights or move my arm around. My current routine for legs is doing lunges, pistol squat progression, calf raises, bridges and hip abduction w/ resistance bads. Sprints are out of the question due to activating/engaging my arms but I wanted to check if there are other workouts which don't require engaging my arms and shoulders in anyway. thanks PS: I am not asking for medical advice just possible exercises for lower body that don't require me to hold weights on my upper body or require me to engage my arms."
So you voted for someone you knew was lying to you?
Reported for what exactly?
"Amy Schumer eyed for Sony's live action Barbie film, because of course she is."
Meet the 'Mad Dog' Donald Trump wants to lead the Pentagon
History classes are our best hope for teaching Americans to question fake news and Donald Trump
Iza napada na Stierove servere 99 posto stoje ruski hakeri...
hit me with SOME TRUTH
1 extra damage I know
But... Why are they shooting themselves? D:
New amp day! Fender Hot Rod Deluxe (2000s)
#25 West Virginia University @ #6 University of Virginia (2:00 PM ET)
"Most backlights either work or they don't. The image quality being compromised I guess theoretically could be a backlight problem, but you didn't mention anything about it being dim or flickery. Do you have a bootable USB/DVD to boot from and see if there's any difference? I still feel like it's a driver issue of some sort."
EXTREMELY RARE MALIK OBAMA PEPE. Bidding starts at $3000 US. Go!
"Less game modes with an extra queue option Hirez should add a queue in between ranked and casual for people who don't want to commit an hour to a ranked game, but would still like Ps and Bs or to play with people who care if then win or lose. Really tired of the old ""it's casual I do what I want"" attitude of some players but I also can't justify sitting in q for 10 minutes, 10 minutes of picks and bans, and then a 40 minute game for ranked. Adding an actual semicompetitive q would split the player base tho, but honestly they could drop a few game modes that they don't update, balance for, or put at the bottom of the list where no one can even fucking see it to q Just a thought from a player that doesn't want the commitment or stress of ranked, but does want the competitiveness/giving a shitness of ranked"
The Last of Us Part II Announced!
idiots buy the new ones still
Nice!
(POLL) How would you rate maps from best to worst?
"He's got a rabble that will listen to him regardless of evidence or truth, because he's speaking directly to their emotions. That's a great group of people to appeal to when starting a TV network, and if he's got a hook (*""The election was rigged, and WE should have won!""* would work nicely) that he can come back to thematically on that network, he can make a lot of money for a long time by stoking the resentment his supporters have for e.g. muslims, Democrats, black people, etc... The talk of a rigged election is either a face-saving measure being taken by someone very aware of the brand perception around his name (and therefore his wallet), someone priming the collective id of his followers to subscribe to a countercultural movement (like the TV network), or both. I don't know that I'd call Donald Trump a smart guy, but he's very calculating, at the least - I'm guessing he's got a few contingency plans to make sure that he gets his no matter *what* happens to the country in the process."
"Mine occurred to me, appropriately, at the mall yesterday. 1. Drive to the mall, shopping center, ect. 2. Find the busiest parking lot. 3. Secure a prime spot nearest the doors as possible. 4. Place your car in reverse, with your foot firmly on the brake. Use of the parking brake might also be advisable. 5. Read a book, have lunch, basically kill some time. 6. Count the death glares of the harried shoppers that wasted time waiting for you to pull out."
Body Positivity Win: This 14-Year-Old Boy Would Have Sex With Absolutely Anyone
"""Clinton Foundation Is Charity Fraud Of Epic Proportions"", Analyst Charges In Stunning Takedown"
need help what are all the bosskiller characters in bleach and thanks
I do them on push days. I remember I used to hate this but I'm used to it now. BB OHP 3x5 on push 1 and seated DB OHP 3x8-12 on push 2. Alternatively doing seated OHP's on the smith machine if I feel like shit after benching. Some people do it on leg day instead but I'm personally not a fan of it. You can do shoulders on a separate day as well but then it's essentially a typical brosplit. You can then do shoulders + arms on that day instead of doing tri/bi on push/pull. But the main reason I'm running PPL is because I want to hit the same muscle groups twice a week and if you have an extra day for shoulders it will be one extra day between every Push/Pull/Legs if you know what I mean.
"This kid was born after its release, and has grown up enough to experience the great disappointment of the series stopping."
"So insinuating that all men are imbeciles or asshole is better than insinuating that all women are weak or cowardly? Mind you, I don't think any of this stuff is offensive, but **you** have to be consistent, friend."
Finding this in NC was like finding a unicorn
ptf if I took steroids I could do that too
There was someone on NPR a couple of weeks ago who said that at the very maximum there might be a wall along 30% of the border and that there's already currently a wall or a fence along 10% of the border. The interviewer was surprised that Trump had made just a fuss about 20% more of a wall. The person being interviewed didn't think it was an issue at all.
Let's Not Forget The 6 Billion Unaccounted For At The State Department During Hillary's Tenure. Can We Get To The Bottom Of How 6 Billion Disappears Into Thin Air?
Rockies showing continued interest in Mark Trumbo
"Hi, i threw together a short 10 question survey for anyone who considers themselves a gender critical / radical feminist. Id really appreciate a few takers :)"
Ah okay so they're the team Madrid played last in la cops del Rey.
If you were wondering why Summer Rae posted this: she's the one in the mask
Huh......Prey tell my good chap what is it then?
''Twas a gift from God.
A woman here ILLEGALLY attacks a mom and tries to steal her kids. Get bonded out (doesn't show up for court) and 4 months later kills a different mom and steals her 6 day old baby. I'm disgusted.
"Actually, have they ever claimed they have americas best interest in mind?"
THE GIVEAWAY BEGINS !!!! All you need to do is drop your reddit username below to enter!! we will be holding the give away till wed good luck to everybody!!!
"It's on the internet, it must be true."
"While this was from India, it was not from right now. This happened within a day or three of the initial announcement (on Nov 8th)."
Shepard S. Shepard.
everyone grows out of anarchy eventually
"That is far from savage, it's barely a mild annoyance."
Reddit what video games are you currently playing?
"Better than his scouting report, his run d has been awesome when he doesn't lose contain on the edge. Did not think he'd be nearly as physical."
gundogan...
"Who's the heretic you can't help but love? For me it's Kalkator of the Iron Warriors from the beast arises series. Absolute bad ass mofo, his entrance to the setting was incredible and this guy cut off his own arm to stop the flesh change and everyone under his command who has been subject to the change has cut it out. Won't go into spoilers but a heretic who can talk to imperials is impressive too, even if it is just for survival."
Stunt on these hoes
Disguised Toast with the Deadly Shot call
Twitter is where memes go to die
"Yes, but with more poop."
"Mathematically, Bill Belichick (.670) would have to go 0-16 for 56 straight seasons before his career winning percentage matched Gus Bradley's (.230)"
Hey Marvin I got an idea
"Whelp, you've just changed my strategy for keeping my kingdom intact before I can push primo. Before I just made any sons other than my first commanders and hoped they died before I did, or console command killed them in the name of unity..."
"How do you expect them to market Xbox Scorpio? I think the most successful way would be simply saying PS4 Pro has 4.12 terflops and the Xbox PlaceHolderName? has 6 teraflops What do you think they'll even name the Scorpio? They could start naming xbox by year, but I bet they'll give it a specific name because that's much more powerful and memorable. Xbox Ultra or Xbox 4K seems likely."
"Organization XIII Pick Up Lines Xemnas: ""If light and darkness are eternal, then surely our love must be the same: Eternal"" Xigbar: ""Me, i'm already half of you."" Xaldin: ""I was stealing Beast's rose... for you."" Vexen: ""I'd create a replica of you if you won't date me."" (Possibly jail) Lexaeus: ""Let us bide our time and see what develops."" (Lazy on this one, just take it out of the Zexion context.) Zexion: ""I won't disguise myself for you."" Saix: ""Which would you rather suffer the loss of, some fake, make-believe romance, or this real one?"" Axel/Lea: ""Let's f\*\*\*, got it memorized?"" (From GamersJoint video, and **WILL LAND YOU IN JAIL**) Demyx: ""Baby, I can make your water dance."" (See above) Luxord: ""The die has been cast, things are in motion, you can't stop this"" (Possible jail alert) Marluxia: (.... he uses FLOWERS. Isn't that good enough!?!?) Larxene: (....she's a prick. Do you really think she'd flirt?) Roxas: ""I guess my single life... is over."" Xion: (Who?)"
"And American Samoa, and the Mariana Islands... But I'm not sure if everyone knows them all."
Playing with Her Hair
J Parker fastbreak dunk that doesn't count
**Justice is served! Praise Kek!**
0.0 CASUALTIES
The Schuyler Sisters
whatever you do dont forget your healer engi and your condi guardian
ALL USA WINNER'S FINALS ASIAN DICKRIDERS ON SUICIDE WATCH
But pizza and Scott Foval!
I didnt understand that there are winners and losers until college
"When you don't watch where you're going, you're gonna run into things. It's as simple as that."
Why would it be terrifying? Polar bears?
"Reddit, Whats a random fact you know that you would like to share?"
Didn't see this coming... MechWarrior 5: Mercenaries Pre-Alpha Footage (Mech_Con 2016)
username checks out
"Kayle scripting, dodging abilities with no vision almost point-blank"
Lets wish juliano and device all the best &lt;3
Is there an equivalent to Breitbart on the left?
What skid plate is that on the tacoma??
"""Type: All"" is Arceus"
That's a great way for the school to get sued/fined. Not legal at all.
It was sarcasm. Should've been more direct.
As if people haven't faked being in the US military to get praise and free stuff.
"An intellectual euphorically posing with his waifu. (Disclaimer:Just to be clear, I am not a professional picture maker. I am just enlightened by my MS Paint skills)"
"how to spot a nice guy without knowing any context he refers to girls as ""females"" but to guys as ""guys"" and not ""males"""
These guys get it
great! I'm waiting in the plaza
"Being from the east coast, it's hard to think of 9% as ""soaring"". The Atlantic provinces have been hovering in double digits for as long as I can remember, and everyone acts like it's normal."
What the fuck is going on with kripp's thumbs?
***YES***
Go to %appdata% mmf
"Pros: * Great voice. His natural voice has improved a lot, and you can tell that on Me and Your Mama and Stand Tall. * The instrumentals are interesting to listen to and super funky. Everything sounds pretty new to me as a rap fan. * The album is pretty short and easy to listen to imo. I don't consider anything filler and no stretch of the album seems weaker than any other stretch, so it's a consistent listen across the board. Cons: * This album doesn't really go anywhere, at least on the surface. After I finished it, I was just kind of like ""what was that?"" As I listen more and more, it gets a little better, but I wish it was more cohesive or at least had something stand out. * The vocoder can get a little irritating at times. Not too bad since I only notice this on California. Imo it's an 8.5/10. Not a lot to complain about. I'm on my fifth listen and it gets a little nicer each time. Pretty solid album. I do have to admit that I miss his rapping and more conventional songs. I appreciate the direction and I'm interested to see where he goes."
Just installed new pads and rotors on my G37x
any way to stop getting troll symetras and torbs on my team?
How do you feel about joe rogan as a comedian?
"D.Va: ""Initiating self-destruct sequence!"" ... ... ... Tracer: **BOOM!** Ahhhh! (Something tells me the translation wasn't necessary but here you go anyways)"
"ESPN has never shown a presidential debate, so it would be very weird to blackout it's highest rated show to broadcast the debate."
Nope. I'm only a year older than OP and this relationship sounds exhausting. I cannot imagine being woken up and screamed at for 3 hours for having the audacity to *fall asleep earlier than I said I would*. Like holy shit. Not that the girlfriend sounds really mature either.
"""extrema esquerda"""
I don't even want to think about the honeymoon.
"What is your favorite underrated game of this generation that is available on the Xbox One? I haven't really played too many Xbox One games that aren't BC games, so I can't really say (my only next-gen games I've played are Halo: MCC, Arkham Knight and Battlefield: Hardline). I've heard Arkham Knight get some flak, so I guess I'll say that, since I love it so far."
The USE button lives!
So you can sit me here next to Britney Spears.
"Considering they have to spend times with the likes of Mao &amp; Sam Houston, while having nothing to do but watch millions die in the hellhole the world has turned into? Probably pretty somber. Or maybe they drink to help them ignore how terrible it all is~~"
feels
B.C. affordable housing projects are not all new
0400 start time? Throw me off a cliff. I can barely stand 0600.
"sure u could debate it, but youd lose"
Just quit. I don't get it.
Game Thread: Chiefs @ Falcons I dislike automod.
ALEX WHAT THE FUCKING SHIT YOURE AN NFL QB
someone waterboard this piece of shit and find out what he knows!!! (did i just break the law?)
"except frenzy, wrath, sprint are all nouns."
Why do WE have to be garbage? Like why? Why can't be be one of those teams like the patriots that they are always superbowl contenders? Why can't we play football? Why does this happen to us? That's why I have no shame when I side bandwagon another team for some time.
Brady had to get 201 against the team he beat to get his first Superbowl ring. Can't write it any better than that.
lol hopefully the Denver sports media will STFU about how Lynch is a superior quarterback now
When you're bursting abby demons and some guy logs onto your world
They have the Browns' rank improved since the preseason? Between them and me somebody is taking crazy pills because I don't see what they're seeing.
Not this shit again! Just like with the Raiders it ain't happening. They tried it 2 years ago and no one other than the Mayor wanted to spend the money. People need to wake up.
What do you enjoy that Reddit absolutely shits on?
Ive made a simple comparsion between Japan and my country.
How lucky are we to have Azpi. Team needs a LB: I got this. Team needs a CB: I got this.
USA: Did somebody say... oil?
Frozen waves
JJMACCA as Mod How do you negros feel about JJMACCA becoming a mod? I think he's a cunt but he gave me a quickie in the toilet for mod.
Actually got my first full body shiver in a long time from that. That was a work of art.
"to the degree its is experienced, most of the time yes"
as if Lucas knew How to make a good movie
"Sure. Can't use them with either current gen or new gen macbook pros without an adapter though, which is the point of the complaint."
"In my opinion yes, in other people's opinion no. But if they dont count it. Idk how people count UMG Cali last year after Denial didn't attend after winning Champs"
"Can your opponent see when you hover their hand to count cards? Playing against a Maly rogue, they had Auctioneer on the board, and 9cards in hand. Last card of the the turn they cast Conceal. I had Naturalise in hand, intending to mill them. Did I give away my play?"
What is the one piece of irrefutable evidence would you require in-order to change your stance on the church?
"I got ""Come to an end peacefully"" flashbacks, the liberalism is real."
Blackbeard so overpowered.... Can even warp gravity now!
"YES IT IS! It has been a long time since I've seen one this good. The ""I killed a guy"" one still sits the Throne, but this is some top tier stuff. Bravo!"
"i put the sister location description through 4 layers of google translate , and well ... this is what it said. The child Pizzeria Welcome to the circus, where the family of the interactivity of the game, and to do nothing for the other places you can see in this, * pizza! No more strangers and strike the-art animatronic children socks, so the pizza and dislikes, fears, no, he had not heard at all, and boys from college! But the technical realm night. We enjoyed tight spaces and comfortable, and the operation of"
Catchy anime theme song
"But you just *know* that it will work eventually, and the millions of starvation deaths caused by socialism are worth it, huh?"
If you want to start in the Old Gods start then I would suggest starting as Rurik in Novgorod or as whoever is in Kiev. Both have ample opportunities to expand but it is easier as Novgorod. Early on the Magyar will leave a bunch of counties in South-Eastern Ukraine as independent. You will want to invade all of them. Although I wouldn't recommend it. Defensive pagans are boring.
Prove that it was Hillary before making that claim.
Very happy Christmas!
It doesnt suck. Unless you prioritize stadiums over public funds
"On a serious note, check the NFL YouTube. That's the closest you'll get."
Does it matter?
I've always used 7-zip over winrar. Is there a reason to switch?
the most impressive thing here is s4 not being picked bat for once
It's a little ways down the road from now but the new Star Trek series is going to be centered around a female lead. Also the most recent Star Wars movie had a female lead if you somehow missed that.
Emergency dam discharge
"Yeah, sounds much more like the old testament god instead of that new-age hippy jesus fellow."
Who does number two work for?
"if dmt is theoretically the dream chemical... then would that mean every experience is just a look into yourself? ive only done dmt once, and i know for sure i ""blasted off"" but im just curious what you guys think: do you think dmt is a ""gateway"" to another dimension or is it all subconscious? my trip was really heavy and really affected me, a year and a half later my thoughts are still affected by it, but i dont want to get reality confused with dreams..."
"Used to love the logic that ""he learned from him"" with these great QBs. Only really goes so far. I could watch Mike Tyson train and fight all the time, but I'd still get my ass kicked"
What are some pointless problems about certain websites that haven't been fixed?
"Make sure he's using Luma3DS, and not some older CFW."
"Any time someone refers to it as being computer illiterate it bugs the shit out of me. Illiteracy is the inability to read. You use a computer, you don't read it. Use a better word to describe your computer retardation. But, if someone refers to it that way, I usually fully accept in that moment they're about as useful with a computer as a cock flavoured lollypop"
"Curator Scientist. You hire him/her/it from their station and he stays, I think, until death. He is the reason the 'Curator Lab module' is available."
a battle of will...
"Why Does Everyone Keep Saying That a Person Can't Survive Scooping? Every time the topic of scooping, the identity of Eggs, or the ending to the game is brought up, people immediately start reciting, ""You can't survive scooping!"" But why does everyone assume so? In truth, we don't actually know what happens when a human gets scooped. Nowhere in the game is it clarified, so don't go trying to pass speculation as fact. In reality, the only piece of evidence we have is that Ennard tells the player that, ""You won't die."" (side note: the final cutscene monologue's meaning is still up for debate, so whether or not it turns out that Michael believes the scooping should have killed him is unknown) Whether or not Ennard is a trustworthy source is arguable, but the possibility that scooping a human really doesn't kill them can't just be outright dismissed. Indeed, the only human we're aware of to be scooped, Eggs, survives. There might be some piece of actual evidence I'm forgetting, but it seems right now that a few people started saying that no one can survive scooping in order to make the events of the game agree with their headcanons, and now that there's evidence to the contrary, there are still a ton of people who still treat this speculation (albeit, reasonable speculation) as fact."
Gunman detained at Comet Pizza restaurant was 'self-investigating' fake news reports
"I run MST, as I can't afford the discard or the actual card. Fiendish Chain is arguably worse for me, as you can attack over the stunned Weasel (not that you'd want to as Tsujik is a card), but Fiendish is unsearchable and doesn't float, so it would do so less consistently."
|All we need to do is build a new sun and stick it in a box of some kind. I think that's the general idea...
Everyone is being a bit dramatic... they just beat the NFC Super Bowl team from last year by 30 points :)
"Of course they're still there. Right now, the fishermen feeding their families is progess. Now to get back our oh so favorite pride, our Military needs to be beefed up, equipment wise. PH has waay too many other problems so military might, is going to have to take a back seat :("
"I had a similar situation like this. I was at work from 10 am - 8 pm and my phone died in the middle of my shift. Next thing you know my girl pop up at work so I'm like ""what's up bae?"" Come to find out she came to see if I was at work even though she saw my car outside. She try and hit me with ""I wanted to make sure you didn't get in someone else's car and go somewhere"""
Not much of a mud fan :/
New Zealand Prime Minister resigns after getting caught giving $13.7 million in taxpayer money to the Clinton Foundation.
Tentano di far saltare la cassa continua di un supermercato ma non ci riescono
"Civilization V, just passed 10,000 hours. Got hooked on Revolution around the time it was going to be released. Bought it, downloaded, and have a serious problem stopping... Just on more turn"
"What zero interest rate? I keep hearing about this supposed 0% interest rate from doomsayers all the time, but the fact is the fed interest rate has never been down to zero, and is in fact methodically rising as the economy improves (the main reason stock markets are hanging on to Yellen's every word). The dollar is stronger than ever, so I don't understand where these devaluation worries are coming from either."
Was playing Vibe yesterday and thought I had the game won. All of a sudden 8 of my Thor's are all shooting each other. Fuckin brutal.
Justin Trudeau vows 'significant improvements' to refugee system
Looks super clean and nice. Good to see WoW players out there. FOR THE HORDE
"The pass coverage makes no fucking sense. You can't cover every single pass like it's going to be 40 yards. No matter how many yards the Giants needed for a first down, our secondary treated it like it was gonna be a hail mary. 2nd and 3? Better be 20 yards downfield just in case. 3rd and 7? Better stand in the endzone."
Customize Your Widgets
"What, what the fuck? I thought they shut it down?"
"Here, take it.."
"When he talks about his accomplishments. For example, I went on a date with this guy once. He talked about how much $ he made and his sports accomplishments (10-15 years old...) You should be proud of your accomplishments, but even if you were ""state champion"" or whatever, be humble about it. Like I don't want to hear about it on the first date."
"Joey Bada$$ Says J. Cole asked for His Blessing Before Using ""Waves"" Beat"
What gifts you got for family members this Christmas?
Una remera un tanto particular.
"In that range, Bonobos and J. Crew are both good options. I like the cut of Bonobos a bit more, but be aware that their vanity sizing is *insane*. I'm a 29-30 generally, but the 29 slim in their chinos still leaves me with a good 2-3 inches in the waist. I had to go down to a 28 in their tailored cut to get something that fit me."
"Sure, but where would the 350k come from in the first place?"
"Est date: I don't fucking know, Oct maybe? little do they know, they can't play me cause I can't qualify HUEHUEHUE!"
Hey at least they learned from their mistakes and have changed their ways since getting blown out in the election
Grizzlies always play us tough! Looking forward to it.
Ares? But probably only in arena.
"Hahaha Trump is that terrible douchebag your friend is dating, where she makes excuses like, ""it's different with me"" or ""he's not like that when we're alone"" when everyone else knows he's a terrible human being who will shit all over her. I'm a woman before anyone replies with ""le friendzone"", etc."
"That's an assumption made by the writer of the article, and you cite it like it's a fact"
"There is one (or perhaps two) valid reasons on your list - weather (providential hindrance), and facility rental (also a providential hindrance)."
"Can anyone tell me what is in the Roman chest? I am unable to use my PC right now and the curiosity it killing me, can anyone give me a full list of what is in the chest? Thanks! :)"
Half naked women get thousands of up votes; how many for our boys in blue?
Why the fuck would we let the UN do anything?
Land cruiser VS Hummer H3
How to wreck a Raptor.
South Philly's Finest
And because of this stuff am I glad that we have yearly inspections and MOT
Scherzer Stras Sale Roark and Ross holy shit. (That is if we don't trade Ross)
"Dang the servers are awful, did they ever acknowledge it or plan on fixing them? Im really considering to stop playing if it stays this way"
Have you been living under a rock? This subreddit has been complaining about the lack of ruskis since a week after the mission was posted.
Chill. Haha. They're just kids.
General Tso's Chicken with pork fried rice and steamed broccoli
"Im talking about triple a games, most which are rated m. Call of duty Black Ops 2 had the option to completely turn off language, as does sunset overdrive, which Im considering. Those are the kind of games Im looking for."
What's your 10/10 would NOT watch again?
Maybe less of a hot take and more just Randy being Randy. Dude really dislikes the Cowboys.
bunch of recently released t-shirts = zzzz
When the ult hits just right...
does it look like a washing machine
"He's exciting, but he's a fucking scumbag. I hope Rico batters him and knocks his ass out."
Please give us an example of a fight you think is fight of the year.
(OT) The Thailand Super Series Super Car GTM class has a Holden V8 Supercar in it!
Neat!
I'm gonna try and talk to the girl about it today at school. Wish me luck
I would assume you will still be charged. Would be amazing if it wasn't. But I wouldn't get my hopes up too much :P
"I disagree. Lithuania should be teaching its people how to peacefully surrender to the Russian military. Resistance is going to accomplish nothing other than needless death. Russia will be taking over many of its former states over the next few years, now that the U.S. no longer stands in its way. We can only hope that as many people surrender peacefully as possible."
Any idea on the timing? I figured it'd be out by now!
"Wat. Those heroes are fun to play as and all but Mei (and Mei still can be) fine to play against. None of them are broken OP and unfixable, so why should they be removed from the game"
"Chicken, Brisket, Bacon &amp; Cheese burger (Sydney, AU)"
"TwoX has a hard time deciding if scientology is bad, and which religion is actually the worst (did you know christians did crusades?)."
"THE TRIBES ARE PLEASED NAN, I'D SAY GO KISS GIRLS IN CELEBRATION BUT YOU KNOW THE RULES SO I'D SAY BUY A NICE JACKET INSTEAD"
The whole indivisible part may mean very different things depending on interpretation. It's feels pretty divided right now.
What a wonderful collection. There is a Corgan Strat sized hole in my soul. I regret not picking one up when they were in production and relatively affordable.
"Skip Bayless: ""Bama had to play vs one good QB all yr, got torched again by Chad Kelly. If Bama had to play USC now w Darnold at QB, I'd take USC."""
"Not a tattooer, but I met a white guy at a concert booth who had tattooed both his balls completely black, I didn't believe him until he showed me, must have been painful."
SK announces roster changes
"I don't know where either of you are getting your info! I was a bio major, switched to architecture. Started cooking as a summer job and loved it but I never even considered not finishing my degree. (If I ever said that it was probably just hyperbole. My mother would have killed me and I would have been super dumb to drop out of college.)"
"I've recently gone through all of his reviews. Just from memory, he reviewed the Hifiman HE series (350, 400, 400i, 400s, 500, 560), and he tried the Oppo PM-3, although he didn't give the Oppos their own video. Instead, he did a comparison video with other portable headphones at a similar price. So yeah, he's at least tried those."
":/ that's a bummer... Do these people not realize they are buying into the caricature of the uncultures, screaming, stupid, red faced, fat American that everyone perceives us as? This is utterly humiliating to me as an American citizen. We have become Idiocracy."
Who is your league MVP at the moment and what would other contenders need to do to overtake them?
Oakland's ROS situation I think it's incredible that coming into this week oak was 10-2 and they were still in the worst spot of any advice playoff team. They had to play @ chiefs for the division which they lost. Now they will likely play @denver in week 17 to decide who plays @AFC north (I think the Steelers but who knows) who is way better than whoever wins the AFC south and then @NE week 2 of the playoffs. One of the crazier scheduling situations I can remember down the stretch.
"Sheeesh, the amount of times I've read ""re-signs"" as ""resigns"" :/"
Vermaelen was apparently forced to learn Catalan as part of his transfer agreement with Barcelona
*Buys extra candy corn so we can share*
Is season 2 of competitive fixed? Season 1 was full of horrible things like sudden death. I haven't had anytime to play recently but I've finally got some free time so how much better is it?
"The selling point is playing time, right? ""Hey man, this is cool right? I mean, yeah our o-line managed to get our shit together for the SEC championship game, but look all this other tape I have. We suck! You'd be starting right away! Isn't that cool? Also, look at these sick white helmets, our fans may hate 'em, but man do the players think they look slick. Also also, how do you feel about wearing all orange in every third game?"""
Build Update Complete - any suggestions for improvements
Yep. Glad it's not just me! Delete key is awful - it's as bad as the 'stop' button for an alarm. I don't know why Apple don't pick up on these things.
You got it right. Dunno why people are still asking for him...
"And you know what, Trump said that was 'great, really strong move' by Chinese Government."
"I've got #5 covered, I kill myself all the time."
What song do you want played at your funeral?
"Russia does all the same things you just listed, but we're supposed to be buddies with them. If that's the stance, then Trump should stop making out big sloppy kisses with Putin."
Rip Racine o7
Operation human shield.
Plot Twist! The new pokemon they are referring to is Ditto...
So I fixed up Mistberg's Chica Model
Maybe make Ion's Laser Core push enemies back or slow them if they try to charge through the laser?
There's a guy that I play with sometimes that always brings his daughter. Idk how old she is but I want to say less than 10. He's a single dad so he either has to bring her along or not play. He just keeps her in a stroller and he keeps his discs in the little storage compartment underneath. She's super nice and well behaved so she's no bother. She even throws on some holes too. She's fun. I guess it really depends on the parent and the kid
ITT: Robot finds the secret to happiness.
"he tried, congress denied."
"My PC I built in August won't stay asleep for some reason It's been doing this for a little while now. Any time I set it to sleep mode it'll go to sleep...then a few seconds later wake back up. It's annoying, but once I set it to sleep again it stays asleep usually. But starting just the day before last, it won't stay asleep no matter what. It keeps continuously waking up and I have to just shut it down for the night. It's Windows 8.1, and I built it myself so I don't have any bloatware that I know of. Anyone else have this problem? How do I fix it?"
America and canada are still the least racist countries in the least racist time in all of human history.
I'm pretty sure it was the most devastating loss in the 3 year existence of the franchise.
lf2m for IBanner Username
Good idea. I reckon we could get Hillary down to around $200k per podcast?
Seriously how can anyone hate the Warriors. You must truly hate good basketball.
4 keys (5keys if certified) Dom GT
"kobe shaking his head like ""remember when u used to be able to stat pad?"""
Godin blew me away with his innovative technique to defend lobbed through balls
Putting a vague title for a post containing spoilers... but not including what game is being talked about?? Can we not do this?
Thanks friend!
This guy needs to be contacted If there is ever a campaign needed to dissuade kids from getting into STEM.
"Actually Mao told a Japanese minister that there was no need for such apologies, as without the Japanese invasion the national also would never have been weakened enough for the communists to win the following civil war."
"She may have been, but I do know he cheated on her with (I think) his nurse"
"A couple of my coworkers from NJ/NY were just talking about this, and they said Scottie's is the best so far. Apparently it's important that you can get a plain slice of pizza there (where they call it 'plain') for $2."
"I dunno man. She might also like guys who can cook. So get yourself 99 cook as well. With that 401k and the ability to cook dinner, you will be going through women"
If you look closely you can see my dad's hummer.
I hunt for knee deep powder snow on 30 to 40 degree slopes. That is actually a pretty tough and expensive hobby.
Could Amazon GO be coming to Australia?
"TheLegend27 is a meme, much like CrazyShitfire in a tank ;)"
"Pentagon Buried Study That Could Have Saved $125 Billion By Cutting Waste in bureaucracy, bad contract deals, and mismanagement. Govt execs tried to keep from public view, ""I do not want this spilling over into further public discourse"""
Was that a bird walking around during the celebration?!?!
Did the candidate lose?
"One thing that bothers me about Paladins and its Champions. Have you guys ever felt like the characters and the world of Paladins has too much of their own personalities and, most of the time, they don't seem to mix well togheter? When I first heard the name ""Paladins"", what I had in my was this medieval world where people battle using knights, magic and whatnot, but the game is set on a totally different reality. You have people using high technology powered by magical crystals, then you have people that haven't decided what they want to be... Have you guys taken a look at Skye? Like... she's an ELF, that uses technology to be hidden and pretend to be a JAPANESE NINJA? What about Grohk? He's an OGRE but, at the same time, a NATIVE AMERICAN? It feels like Grohk heard about World of Warcraft and went too literal on the Shaman look. He's blue, he's a native american and he uses a staff powered by crystals. Fernando, Bomb King, Cassie, Barik and Drogoz seem to be from the same ""Medieval Characters with magical hi-tech weapons"" pack, but at some point in development, they forgot about it and said ""Fuck it, we will have japanese elves, russian soldiers and that tree from the other game. - Oh shit, he doesn't have a weapon? Er... give him... an axe? You throw them, but he gets another one out of somewhere. Not to mention the characters are homeless. Why are the some many inca temples in the game? Why does Androxus is trying to destroy Buzz Lighthyear? Why does Sha Lin's bow deal more damage than Kinessa's fucking sniper rifle? Is it because he's asian? I think characters and the world itself has too much of their own and they hardly share characteristic with each other. If you look at TF2, they are all soldiers, fighting. On Street Fighters, they are all martial artists, humanoids and differentiate themselves by their nationality and culture. Paladins is a fat kid with a Naruto bandana on it's head and earphones pumping country songs."
Because it is cliche to the absolute max
"That was NiP, I think. NRG was the first to win with it."
"No, thats not even in the same year.."
I'm not a pathological liar.
Where are you at the moment?
"Tons of murderers took photos of their victims. Off the top of my head, Ted Bundy, Bob Berdella, Jeffery Dahmer, Rodney Alcala, Dennis Rader, Dean Corll. There's no evidence whatsoever to connect Zodiac to the crime, and in fact, it isn't definitively proven the girl in the photograph is Calico."
Just had to throw it out there didnt you.
Trump doesn't have charisma. He just spouts ridiculous bullshit and idiots lap it up.
Somewhat ironic that Braunau of all places voted VDB.
Any armor that looks similar to this?
Down to Cardinals and Blue Jays bidding for Fowler
learning through fun.
Klay Thompson 60 Points vs Indiana Pacers- Full Highlights (12/5/16)
"""But you're a Koch brother puppet!"" ""No I'm not you're bussed in by Soros!"" Divide and conquer"
"Tbf, a lot of that land is uninhabitable."
"If you could pick one artist to return this year (two years in a row), who would it be? My vote is Anderson .Paak, dudes performance was lit"
If I ever come up against him I'll play him hard until eightieth minute then let him win
Angela Merkel calls for a BURKA BAN and says 'the full veil is not appropriate here'
Jill Stein has never been involved with anything more weighty than a city council seat. You might as well write in your garbage mans name on that reasoning.
"Just curious, do you think that AF1 is expensive for no reason?"
I wonder what we are brainwashed to think is a good thing that isn't.
Who cares what was said? Do you go around hitting people who say things you don't like?
My smoke spot tonight
And what about all those single parents who did vote?
Who the hell is Bill Trinen?!
I don't get the LISP one?
Is bumping your opponent bm? I am pretty new to rocket league and was recently trying out ranked 1's. I had several opponents who kept saying things like 'stop bumping!' 'the only way you can win is to bump me' etc etc.. So is it considered bm? Or just salty opponents?
Luck or Stafford? Leaning toward Stafford because both have pretty solid matchups and Luck has that lingering injury crap. Appreciate any advice.
"I was a skeptic, but the Chuck Taylor II's won me over."
"Thanks, glad you like it!"
Post your 3 most mastered champions and let others describe you. Thought it was fun last time it occurred.
"Early Morning Rant: I Told You So Edition I've been telling my liberal friends for close to a year that it was going to happen. I'm one of the only dissenting views on my mostly liberal Facebook feed. Everyone called me crazy. They called me a troll. They called me a bigot. They linked 538. They cited Salon. They refused to realize that 99% of the country doesn't give a shit about identity politics. Well who's laughing now you regressive sheep. I told you so. I. Told. You. So. The reaction from the left is fucking amazing, and I'm sure conservatives are celebrating privately. Instead of owning up to their failure to create a viable message, they fall back on their blame game, identity politics bullshit. I was graceful for the first few weeks, but now I'm done. You lost. We won. We have a mandate. Keep focusing on putting dudes in girls bathrooms while the grown ups get the real work done. I. Told. You. So."
Fuze is high right now because of his buff and the challenge. I don't think it will last long though. He'll go back to his normal pick rate soon enough.
Sending the new guy minesweeping
"I can't think of a mod which wasn't possible in 32bit. However, you will be able to use more mods together without running into problems. For instance, if you spawn 200 NPCs in Vanilla non-modded Oldrim (and without any memory patch/fix), it would crash. Vanilla unmodded SSE can handle that easily. For me personally, though, I'm really interested what can be achieved with SKSE64. But until it gets an update, I'll probably stick to Oldrim."
"Finally! Thank you. Most people really don't know this, and think that countries are being too sensitive. Burqas are just plain oppressive, and should not exist in modern democratic states."
"The MSM will ignore, say $50B isn't that much, say Obama did it, or pretend that it was going to happen anyway."
"I hope the map will be renamed to ""Kings Snow"" ^^I'm ^^sorry"
As an aviator it enrages me to see the rudder wagging the way it does and the plane having practically zero reaction to it.
The rest of my team needed to go 52-93 lol. They didn't do it..
Time Urges 65 Million Americans Who Voted For Hillary Not To Pay Taxes
Exactly what a terrorist would say...
nominated for most delusional member
What if you are rugged and masculine but aren't stupid enough to fall for nationalist propaganda?
I present my Ram Wreath
But ur mom saw me coming
Official Teaser of a Skin
What would you prefer it be titled?
Best way to kill a rorqual? Drop on it with rorquals
"Gears of War 4 Title Update arrives, balancing Horde and bringing new maps.Adds Vertical Campaign Split Screen"
I would go for gtx 960
Fiesta bowl playoff game tickets are down to $59
She makes a lot of bold claims for someone who shows us a video of a ROUND earth; jeez who does she think she's fooling?
Don't Ask Me How These Pugs Got Here...
It's on Virtual Console for the WiiU.
"I don't no Saudi Arabia's defense needs, but I would believe the implication is that they are taking those weapons and feeding them to non-state groups. This seems to mean they are funneling weapons to terrorist groups."
"Let's see the contortions they employ to somehow paint this as Labor's fault, even though they haven't been in power for 3.5 years."
"Guy Calls Restaurant, Employee Freaks Out"
"I want to remind you all to go watch the best Holiday film, tis the season!"
2017 is shaping up to be a big year for gaming. Made this gif to keep track...
He needs that bin to cart around his massive testicles.
If you want to know where I am you can ask. If you don't I don't want you to know period. It's really not complicated. There isn't and never will be anybody I would want to have the ability to know where I am without explicitly asking me. It's not and never will be their business.
Please allow bridges like the one if this picture to be upgraded to be more visually appealing in the 1.1 update
"i might have norden, i have to check, if so would you do 18, norden and crystal?"
Pupils who get 20% in maths to be passed - HeraldLIVE
"Your argument is cookie cutter and could be used for literally anything. Just replace gender dysphoria with ""current topic"""
The real comments are always in the comments
Violent delights have violent ends.
How blazed are you on a scale of maokai to ivern
What a misleading marketing graph. An 8% gain more than doubles from 100%?
I really didn't think that would work
You have to flog the dolphin before a big date. If not it's like going out with a loaded gun
I understand those people. I'm a gamer but this esports thing is still pretty stupid imo.
Yeah but my dick looks really nice. So i don't see the issue.
"Our culture has turned into ""every man for himself."""
TIL Living next to a nuclear plant for 1 year gives you 100 times less radiation than eating a bag of potato chips every day for 1 year
Gym flying into the sun
"weird how prayer can stop thinks from getting worse, but not actually prevent the thing happening in the first place."
It really drives home how much the American people hate her. Faced with a candidate as terrible as Trump they STILL couldn't bring themselves to vote for Hillary!
Well I work for a multinational corporation that supports it because it helps them cut costs and increase their customer base. It should be good for my career.
"Thanks Friend! I didn't know. When I saw this one doing the happy paws, I realized he was probably purring. Until today I thought only small cats purr."
"Great, reddit playark is now..."
Clinton to throw thank-you party for millionaire donors
"No.. did you become a parent on your first time? That sucks! Unless, that's what you wanted of course.."
What about male-male rape?
I almost couldn't contain myself
fwd: you sure are
Colorado dumps caucuses in favor of primaries
"""I refuse to vote for Hillary because she sounds and looks like shit."" --Bernout on my facebook feed. You can't make this shit up, folks."
What does that have to do with this?
"Ya but Mongolian spots are mostly non whites, duh"
252 LEFT
So what's worse? Sleeping when your're not supposed to or repeatedly lying to your Sergeant after getting caught?
Doctors in Denmark want to ban circumcision for under-18s
You want to value a human life by the stats he put up?
What is this?
Tell me where the water for the ice came from? Natural springs? What about the fluoride if it came from tap?
you getting -30 for this comment reminds me why i hate reddit
I also wanted to be a garbage man at 4
"Not gonna lie, have used this, it's wildly over rated."
Proof he was an addict?
Creative V5 in Alaska's new rock gym
And we get another fucking rental in return
"""Weird, the only program I could find is in Hawaii boss"""
When she ask what my tongue game looks like
And he's tackled at the 2 yard line game over
"Gorn. I like the word, it gives me confidence. Nice and woody."
"Yup. And they have the cheek to tell us the new mode is ""FREE"" in big capital letters"
I guess that's comforting to those still being raped.
Suggestion is good. The ideas good. EVERYTHING IS GOOD
Cory in the white house is my favorite anime
That frame rate
"TIL Netflix was forced to add subtitles to all their releases after the National Association of the Deaf (NAD) filed suit against them, citing their lack of closed captioning for streaming video as a violation of the Americans with Disabilities Act ."
"Cospris will is far better than consuming dark/apeps rage. Consuming dark poisons off of chaos damage while Cospris will is far more effective thanks to phys/chaos both contributing to poison, not to mention you could use vulnterability+temp chains as damage/defense. This works well as an occultist along with -20%chaos res. Also, Vaal Pact isn't a great with poison builds like this because you're not scaling the initial hit hard enough to benefit off of instant leech to leech as much as your hp every second. Cospris will matches Shavs in terms of damage actually, as poison is 1 support gem and that roughly translates to 30% more damage (better than PA because you can actually double dip this extra SUPPORT gem) - downside being you have an EVA chest"
STOP TALKING LIKE THAT
"Nah, the main one is Washington."
"Francis Model for SFM (W.I.P.) Also, information about the Children SFM Movie in comments later."
"Tom Ford believes all men should be penetrated by another man at some point in their lives, to ""help them understand women"""
"Apparently! How were you guys reading it? Full disclosure, I wasn't sober when I wrote it."
"I work with a staffing company recruiting Physical, Speech, and Occupational Therapists."
Anubis t5
Why does Nidalee get changes so quickly when she is no longer top tier while other champs can stay in the dumpster for an entire season or longer. Does anyone else feel like Riot tries too hard to keep Nidalee in the meta? As soon as she falls off for any reason she is quickly changed to get her back in there. When she was no longer viable in lanes she was QUICKLY retooled into a jungler and now she gets constant changes to keep her stable in the jungle. Can she just be not good for 6 months like some other champs? Why does she get constant changes to stay viable. Why is it ok for other champs to be not good for an ENTIRE season yet nidalee gets constant changes to make sure shes ok. /end rant
Don't blur out something that is a part of you :^)
"Donald Trump, bends the universe to his whims. Like Carrier. Carrier is staying put, 100%."
Axiom Verge - $9.99 at PSN Store
... That can mean that you have severe internal bleeding
"Huh. I'm getting a weird, ""no, don't believe OP; this is computer-generated"" vibe from this."
"Thanks for all the answers. Reading about the older IT days is fascinating. I came up in the 90's with early intel systems, I suppose a lot of what I know is done with software, whereas your upbringing was more focused on hardware, because things we take for granted now were more primitive (storage, software limitations, etc). It is kind of like cars. The earlier all mechanical chassis and engine made sense, and could be understood by anyone with a few hours and a basic tool set. Then, there was a transition period to injection, now it's a mess of electronics controlling the engine. Unsure if that made sense, but there it is."
Using his dick to make herself cum
"Swap the genders or replace ""girls"" with ""whites,"" and ""boys"" with ""blacks"""
"I get the sentiment, but I'm not a fan of perpetuating the ""us vs. them"" mentality"
When does the christmas event start?
Comb the desert
"The Elite controller To those who own one, does anyone use the rounded top thumb sticks? I'm not sure what games those are good for, I use the others for many things."
"Having promotion codes, wanting some paper for it"
It's just random luck. Your score is irrelevant. There's not really anything to *fix* but I agree it should be changed.
Trump will have wider spying powers than anything J. Edgar Hoover ever imagined
"Sad thing is the alt left will eat this up entirely. Which is great that they believe these ""news"" sources. Blindsided by Trumps victory while the rest of us laughed and saw it coming."
Is it in Canada?
Maybe it has something to do with their recent Youtube assblasting
"Because no one develops abs for themselves, obviously"
transparent text on translucent bar
"Can't provide link as I'm on mobile, it's literally the top post in that sub right now, ""day 13 of first fast over 24 hours""."
"Florida woman calls Sandy Hook massacre 'hoax,' threatens to kill parent of victim, officials say"
It seems like this is the one that you hear about crazies harassing the victims more often though.
"Well don't sweat it too much, he's getting rid of the agency anyway."
"Yeah. Its been documented for years that ingroup on ingroup violence is the most common. Meaning, if a black man is going to be murdered, its most likely gonna be another black man. Same for white people. The only real exception to this seems to be domestic violence, in which the rates that men and women use violence on their partners is pretty even. Though for some reason lesbian relationships have a higher rate, and I've been wondering why for a while."
"For years I've been saying 'news' needs to be a protected word. You can only use it if you adhere to the journalism code of ethics. You can have your show with your mouth crap, you just can't call it, or imply it is accurate and factual news."
"Los Angeles Lakers @ Houston Rockets **Game Discussion Thread: Los Angeles Lakers @ Houston Rockets** **Venue:** Toyota Center - 1510 Polk St. Houston, TX 77002 **Time:** 5:00 PM(PT) --- --- ##Probable Starters | **Pos** | **Los Angeles Lakers** | **Houston Rockets** | |:---|:---------|:---------| | PG | Jordan Clarkson | James Harden| | SG | Brandon Ingram | Eric Gordon| | SF |Luol Deng | Trevor Ariza| | PF |Julius Randle | Ryan Anderson| | C |Timofey Mozgov | Clint Capela| ##Injury Report Los Angeles Lakers | Status ---|--- D'Angelo Russell | Expected to be out until at least Dec 12 Nick Young | Expected to be out until at least Dec 12 Tarik Black | Expected to be out until at least Dec 9 Jose Calderon | Expected to be out until at least Dec 19 Houston Rockets | Status ---|--- Donatas Motiejunas | Expected to be out until at least Dec 15"
Happy holidays from Dan &amp; Max!
I want to bang that young Russian boipussy.
Cat.
..... With the wrong tires.
"Cumming directly into the belly button. It's ok sometimes, but once it's in there I feel like I have to help her clean it."
"I'm sorry. But what do you mean by ""vocal?"""
"Isn't feeding and housing those less fortunate than yourself one of the big themes of the Bible, at least the non-rapey or non-killing parts? Does he think Joseph &amp; Mary had Jesus in a barn because they wanted to?"
"I understand the concept of these ads. The search to phone, to show us Google now makes a phone. But 1 min feels a little long for the average viewer."
A rust PVP montage for the week !!
"I live in Ireland. The eight amendment of our constitution forbids abortion, and it's so ingrained that it has directly led to complications resulting in death with mothers who could not have abortions despite children incompatible with rights."
He's been their best player
Hi... I have a 16gb sd card on my 3ds with luma fully installed and everything worked.... I want to change it for a 32gb card... do I just copy the contents?
Are you that guy with the mullet from the walking dead??
i just clicked on the 2016 in review on the client. It most likely says it to everyone but it made me smile. My stats were actually better then i expected.
"If he keeps playing games as he has and if he improves I can see him be similar to nylander but more in the physical sense, nylander is natural playmaker, jakey is a shooter by default. Both can be 1st liners, but one has the attitude for progression and the other is a canuck"
Crowding the ref Just had a game where my goalie ran towards midfield after a cutscene of a foul. I had no control and was confused. After a while it went back to normal and I noticed on the mini map players fanning out I checked the replay and they all crowded the ref after a controversial tackle and sat there arguing about it. Annoying but realistic.
".....That's how you read that? (if you're reading the original lines like that... The ratio thing is a different story). I've never met anyone who reads it that way. Most believe ""the brave and bold"" refers to the sports teams. As in, ""cheer for the sports teams""."
They are bringing attention to the fact Saudi Arabia discriminates against trans. What's the issue here?
"How did you find the owner of the account? Is it possible to find out her number, and then give out her number to cat fishers? (This actually probably isn't the best idea, but I'm a sucker for revenge stories)."
Hey! I have a copy of Battlefield that i would like to giveaway to a random redditor!
I'm a Russian hacker working for the Russian government to further Russian goals of re-igniting the Cold War.
"That sub is without a doubt the biggest hate sub on this site. From a Floridian who voted for Trump, that guy can go fuck himself."
But what about the legend of the Fifth Elephant?
"Java jobs? So I literally just got my Bachelors in computer science yesterday. And now I'm starting to look into getting some entry job some where, the problem is there are so many choices to pick from along with freelancing work that I've found online. My favorite language to use currently is Java, mainly JavaFX but there just doesn't seem to be that many JavaFX jobs around here along with freelance work as well. When it comes to desktop application, I assume that C++ with QT is more popular right? But I still see that Java itself still has the most jobs.. What part of Java actually has the most jobs here? Is it web development with Java EE? If anyone can point me in the right direction, that would be helpful :) so I can get to studying!"
^^ the best
What have you done?
CS:GO Sound Update: HRTF VS Normal
Makeup won't make you live longer
Everyone who understands bitcoin becomes a hodler
Which one? Wolf? Snake? Tiger? Eagle?
This is so annoying I just bought Rocket League for 20 the other day
"To the dude at Lush who complemented my shoes I have no idea if you visit here, or if you'll see this, but fuck it. Sorry that I responded by pointing at your shoes and saying nothing. I'm an awkward person and I forgot what I was going to say mid finger point. I still don't know what I was going to say and I can't remember what shoes you were wearing because I'm still reminiscing over me awkwardly pointing at your shoes in public and saying nothing. I'm pretty sure you also heard me tell my friend, ""I was going to compliment his shoes, but then I didn't"", implying that I thought your shoes were trash. My friend knows how awkward I am, so I was just telling him how dumb I felt. Thanks for the compliment on my shoes, I'm not used to clothing compliments, so I appreciate ya. Happy Holidays, my dude."
"Thinking about getting 1"" spacers. What do you think?"
Always a pleasure to help an ungrateful prick.
My wife watched South Park for the first time ever with me. She swears she thought Randy's nose was his mouth. Can't unsee
"Even in instant-on mode, my console has a list of apps/games that need updating, so even auto updating doesn't work."
classic! glad the loves not lost.
All fun and games until Cobb gets injured again. I like Davis as a punt returner. There must be more going on though. One screw up shouldn't get you to the bench if you are showing a lot of promise outside of game day. It must have been a few things we don't know about.
Good joke
"Sometimes, things need to rest for a while. Then they can rise from the ashes, like a phoenix."
"There is nothing thematic about him not having mana. I'm Warcraft 3 he does, and mana management is very important in that game."
"It's inherently tyrannical, too. That's some Lawful Evil shit if I've ever heard it."
Scientists slam Donald Trump's environment chief over climate denial: 'It's like disputing gravity'
Yet they do nothing now. Just as responsible.
"I use this totally top secret, specialised piece of cataloguing software..... Microsoft Excel."
"It's the first ""all-in-one"", look at the computers of its time, they were all desktop towers with huge screens. The idea of the all in one is what's new, all of the all in one computers that you see now are a copy of the iMac concept."
There are people in my company who print every email they receive. It's insane.
"One of the complaints I constantly see is that votes are weighted in less populous states. State A may have 1 elector for every 100 voters, state B may have 1 elector for every 50 voters. They put a racial spin on it, but they are talking about the same basic thing. Rural states get more voting power than states with large urban populations. I do see complaints about gerrymandering, but that doesn't change the fact that the state itself still has the same number of Representatives."
7
How is this nsfw?
Wouldn't Darth Vader have made about 400% more sense for this commercial?
"Passing law after law after law making unions harder to form and gutting collective bargaining power probably has nothing to do with that, though."
Interoperability update? I had to switch my work phone to Verizon and now all calls with my wife sound like shit (she's on AT&amp;T). When is VoLTE going to consistently work?
OnePlus 3T on AT&amp;T I just got done chatting with a seemingly knowledgable rep at AT&amp;T and they said that they are currently having issues provisioning the OnePlus 3T with LTE on their network. Just thought I would let you all know. I have a case open that got escalated to another tier of support. Will update as soon as I get an update.
Yeah that's what we need more lying down features. Not enough people lay prone on a hill all game.
Ryan Lindley: The NFL's Greatest Stand-In
Or puddinged.
"Question For Zelda Lore As some of you here already know, I am starting a zelda lore series. I already posted an intro video for it (Which should be somewhere in the hot posts I think?) and I have already finished the script for the first lore video. However, with the intro video I only used the intro cutscenes for Ocarina of time and Majora's Mask and I got copyrighted by Nintendo. Now I did not get a strike or anything for it but reading more into it; if I keep using gameplay of Zelda, I could actually get my youtube channel in trouble. It could technically never happen but it COULD. So my question is, what would you guys like to see in the video? I could try to fit images of something that's relating to what I'm saying in the video at the time instead of trying to put gameplay in there as that will result in more copyright trouble. Or I could put a non-zelda game gameplay in there BUT that wouldn't make sense to the lore but that's why I'm asking. What would you guys like to see? Should I keep on with gameplay and hope I don't get in trouble? Just try to find images and fit those in? Or put gameplay of something else on there? Let me know what you guys think! Once I get a good answer(s) I will start up on finishing my first lore video. I will post that here on the reddit so be on the lookout in a few days time! Cheers all"
"Oh I agree, but if I had to choose between Discovery or Green Lake, Golden Gardens, and every soccer field in the city I'd choose Discovery."
"First ""Spider-Man: Homecoming"" still"
Time to main deck 3 {{Chain Disappearance}} then.
You can't drop the mic unless you say something with decent substance.
First black president followed by a guy literally endorsed by the KKK.
There are people who have completed the 300+ chest. We've been told all the others by the community by now.
"I'm a CTO in town. If you want to talk privately about it, PM me. The tech workers with the best outcomes follow a simple plan: rent cheap (e.g. studio in Rainier Valley) until you can buy cheap (e.g. 1 br condo). I didn't. I rented a cool 2 br apartment and then a nice 3 br house for my first 5 years in town. That made it exceedingly painful when I bought a home; I could have saved $30,000 after everything was said and done if I'd been smart like that. Living with the parents is a stellar way to shortcut the process even further. Don't try to get to your happy point today. You'll pay for it for 10-20 years if you do. Figure out your saving plan for $100,000 and make it as fast as you can. If you stay at home you should be able to sock away $25,000 a year pretty easily and be a home owner at 26. The other side of the equation is to look at your income. You need to see your career arc in terms of at least three totally distinct tracks. For instance if you're in IT today, plot out your next 4 promotions. Skip from job to job if you can, but only when the new offer has a better title than the one you have today. Don't fret about salary; that always lags title if you're aggressive about promotions. It will catch up in spades. Use the time during your current track to get ready to switch tracks when you get to a senior, director, principal, or architect title. I switched from development (tester, programmer, senior prog, senior developer, software architect, principal architect) to security (security analyst, senior security researcher, senior security developer, director of security engineering) to management (project manager, program manager, director of engineering, VP technology, CTO). CTO income is somewhat better than tester income. Ideally, you'll do all three things at once: save hard like a war is coming, be aggressive about seeking promotions through company switch, and get training for your eventual track switch. The day will come when you sit up in bed and realize that none of the worries you have today matter at all any more."
"Yep, we are ostensibly in a ""mini ice age"" right now, but the industrial revolution took care of that."
"But! We also pay around 50-60% of our income in tax, tho we also have SU, Universal Health care, and only minor crime.... Not to bad i guss. :D"
True the Man in Black made a sad song way more sad!!!
I honestly don't understand how we go from what the original series was to... A highschool boy with girl problems?
VMP Members - Could someone purchase an album for me through the marketplace?
"Showing as compatible on my Galaxy S7, so it's not screen size."
Spurs are coming home...
All of his famous sculpture molds melted miraculously in the fire. The gate locked itself from the outside. Blood flew from the bulldozer onto one spot on the ground and a large rock while leaving the bulldozer spotless. It was simple physics. I'll take my monies.
"Friendly reminder If you are using windshield wipers, your headlights must be on. It's the law."
"I'd pm you cancer, but it would just be screenshots of your post history."
22 / M / Producer &amp; Photographer
You know it was a joke right..? Like how people say bjergsen is the western faker
"People are stupid, the earth warms up naturally, that is why there is no ice in iceland. The earth has cycles no ""global warming""."
I have 16GB of ram but I was part of a Windows 10 rollout that was corrupt and now I'm stuck on a version from October 2015. (I can easily update with an install disc but that takes time and effort) When I run BF1 multiple programs start leaking. Desktop Windows Manager and System begin to leak as well. After 2 games my RAM is almost full.
"Does anyone else find it odd that Hillary's ""popular"" lead just keeps growing and growing? Are all of these new votes from freakin' CA?"
"Brewery apologizes after ""Date Grape"" submission on website."
Did the VK72 buff get scrapped?
Toronto man guilty of sex assault flees to Pakistan
"This argument is stupid beyond belief. I can buy the argument that his work brings more value to the company than any random 300 other workers, mathematically. I can buy the argument that his position and his influence in the company demand such a high salary. I can buy the argument that the market demands a high salary because it *provides* a high salary at other places and his high salary is justified because it keeps him here. But there is no way at all that he physically performs as much work as 300 other workers. It just isn't happening. He's not cramming almost six working years (12,000 working hours) of work into 1 week."
"I've been fed up with h3h3 fanbase since the vape nation video. Any time anything h3h3 is posted anywhere, everyone thinks it's so funny and relevant to comment ""vape naysh"" some way or another. Oh and ""papa bless."" They've made some funny videos, but like you, I can't stand the fanbase. Also not that into their videos anymore."
I Photoshopped the Nintendo Switch Into Different Colors
"Crap, I would have pulled up that lame-ass excuse the WT Society made about their spectacular failure of 1975 - some brothers got ***EXCITED*** and **ran ahead in their understanding**! Yeah, sounds like they really owned that blazing mistake..."
I googled the term
"These Experts Agree, Gun Control Works."
I wish I had a cookie to give you.
Jones attacked Trump 1st.Mr.Trump is defending himself.
"Nobody really cares or even gives a damn about your depression when you are alive. But as soon as you kill yourself, the entire world mourns and post sad faces on the interent to show how much they cared about the person ..."
I have absolutely no idea why you'd spend that much money on someone you weren't already dating.
Buzz Aldrin punching a moonlanding denier
Why don't tents count as homes?
When You Grow Up With Black Santa...
"In your opinion, what is the most clever lyric you've ever heard in a song?"
Merry christmas family face swap
"Looking for a new alpha/beta multiplayer PC game! I've really been digging Early Access games and Alpha games which are in the works, however I cant find many of them to be Multiplayer. I HATE singleplayer as I just dont find it very competitive and fun overall. Key things I would love to see: A Ranking system eg. Aim for Rank 1 (Best) An account system (Create personal Accounts) Overall, something that will keep me happy and loving the game. An example of the 'Ranking System' is a game called osu! they use a competitive ranking system which i ADORE! I also love to give feedback on games, so I'd be down to help. If not, any games fairly new I'd love to try out!"
The doc is also going to have more and better questions than that. They're better clinicians than the guys working the boo-boo bus.
"Seriously, especially such a prolific guy like Cam."
"""Christ Enthusiasts"""
"Well, of course..."
There's no way 42kW was a happy coincidence.
DeRozan throws the put-back SLAM on Rubio! - TNT
No problemo just curious
GoPro: Introducing HERO5 Session
"What does a $250,000.00 home look like in your city?"
Better than the coocs in charge right meow
Pokemon Generations is finally out in Japanese! I am loving the cast of well known voices
Christmas Stevonnie (by obsessedwithamedot)
Press Release: Rep. Tulsi Gabbard Introduces Legislation to Stop Arming Terrorists
"Titans got hosed, he was short by a mile. But I'll take it."
South Korea: President Park Geun-hye Impeached
Milk
"Thank you blizzard for the mercy menu, i turned it into my live wallpaper."
"A slum in Manila, Philippines"
What did his list have that made it more aggressive? Items and the 2/2 item dude?
"Um, no, it's not that simple. The mics, preamps, filters, processing board, recording machines, mastering equipment, distribution media, playback equipment, amps, and speakers all compress and color the sound. Go plug a Rick into an AC30, a Strat into a Vibrolux, a Gretsch into a Deluxe Reverb, a Les Paul into a 50W Marshall half-stack, or an SG Special into a Hi-Watt (shudder), dime out the rig, and play a simple E cowboy chord. That's all it takes. If you've spent at least 10,000 hours playing and are in practice (not rusty), the feeling is exquisite. If you are lucky enough to get the opportunity to do that with other musicians, in front of a receptive audience, and you can ride the razor that you have to ride to execute a respectable guitar solo, the feeling is indescribable, and will ruin you for life, spending the rest of your years chasing the dragon."
Why the hell does armor give me negative % defense in some stats? You're telling me I'd be better off going naked instead? So apparently my bare skin would be 0% defense but the new pants I've got suddenly make me *more* susceptible to slashing attacks?
Spider-Man Homecoming: Official Trailer!
They want to shut down the Donald and 4chan. It's clear. We need a fall back
And the mint is where bills are printed.
Occluding before putting the bung on is the hard bit.
This is actually really sad...
Hey straight men and women of reddit! Who would you go gay for?
Niceguy on my Facebook has had enough
"It means they were fully clothed but he got a boner anyway and felt guilty about it so he overcompensated with a long, uninteresting facebook post patting himself on the back instead."
drunk already ?
TGC?
The same person has 2 accounts in the top10 of the FFXV Ranking Dungeon in Japan
Grapevine represent!
Don't f*ck with this engine unless you're Steve Irwin
"I'm still shocked aol is alive, I still have 500 free hours of internet in my house somewhere"
"I feel like both US political parties are doing a ""for me, not for thee"" thing right now. Republicans all like ""Personal liberty!"" and then pushing mass incarceration and autocracy and fucking the poor. Democrats all like ""Dignity for the impoverished!"" and then running all their shit off Goldman Sachs's money and fucking the poor."
How are you implying he lost the popular vote? You take away all the illegals voting in Commiefornia and he has won the popular vote...
McLaren report: More than 1000 Russian athletes implicated in state-sponsored doping
Do any of you realize this is a joke?
You mean when your ex sister has a twin gf.
"- **ID:** 327-026-869 - **P-lvl:** 6 - **Notable Captain(s):** fujitora - **Looking for:** literally anyone as i cant continue past alvidas hideout, im stuck in an empty select helper screen."
"Audience Refusing To Stand Up For National Anthem During Adult Movie Shows, Theater Owners Complain"
"i always thought doyathing was about murdoc. ""Boy in the sky"" is 2D. Murdoc is just a ""Pale imitator"""
4th wave feminism is gonna be like
"If this happened in any other context besides religion, it would be illegal. Imagine if you had never heard of circumcision before, and one day someone told you they cut part of their son's dick off, you would be disturbed and probably report that person to the authorities. But because this is part of religion and part of American culture it gets a free pass and people think it's normal."
"Petraeus might have made a good president, the US could benefit from having a president who's held a field command. be nice to make decisions for ourselves once in a while"
What the is happening here?! Our children need lead free drinking water. Universal healthcare would be nice.
The Saudi royalty just want their strange sex parties and gold plated super cars. But blaming them would be a great distraction and if they call that bluff they pull 750 billion and tank the economy. Once again it lose/lose for the American public and business as usual for the khazarian bush-clinton mafia.
U.S. Admits Israel is Building Permanent Apartheid Regime: Weeks After Giving it $38 Billion
Can't imagine the dedication it takes to accomplish this???He's just singing a note twice a day for a year...???
Yeah I noticed that a lot. It's funny how no one likes to talk about all the klan compounds in PA.
"She left my dad, as she did to her husband before him, and the one before that, for no real reason. She raised me well below the poverty line which has had loads of knock on effects that have ruined my life. But hey, at least she wasn't bored!"
Atlantic Aviation vs. The City of Santa Monica
"So I want to write a book called ""Remembered lives"" about what people had the hopes for others that were killed through abortion."
Got my new rig... I am not so sure I believe them.
How do you think Buu would have done against the Universe 6 team? I think the fight between him and Magetta would have been hilarious. He would have taken Buu's insults seriously. XD
"Yes. :) means smile :)) means laugh :))) even more funny And so on. Its not uncommon among friends to spam the "")"" showing something is super funny"
NEW RAID WEAPON FOUND!!1
Just found this dinosaur in its original packaging.
hashtag beat that dead cashcow
"The Book of Mormon on Trial What's everyone's thoughts on it? When my mother found out that I had doubts about TSCC, she referred me this book. To me, it's hilariously dated and inaccurate."
24 year old didn't think racism existed when he was 8 years old. what a fucking joke.
Is this 24/7?
Mcdavid for Trouba. Keep building that defense
"""0 heal"""
I will never understand the appeal of installing doors that make it more difficult to get in and out of your car.
The 40s were a strange time...
Damn it! I need to throw out my cravat now!
"I have a few philosophical and otherwise questions. The first one is: do you want young people to follow their dreams and stand up for what they believe? Or do you want them to be educated thoroughly until they have the correct opinion? These two options come in conflict to one another and you know it. So, do you think people should have the courage to stand up for what they believe in, or should they always question themselves and their knowledge? The second one is: do you think people should have the courage to express themselves and their opinion no matter what, or do you think they should ask first what the correct opinion is and then just express that? Somebody told me that I should always express myself and I should always vote, even if I'm not popular, especially if I'm not popular. If I refuse to express myself, I will be underrepresented and then nobody will take me seriously because I hadn't expressed myself. But I don't know what to say or think about this. Anyways, these questions are very important for me and my religion. They are very important. They are extremely important for me and my religion. So, should I stand by my convictions and post my conviction wherever I can and try to persuade people, or should I first inform myself and then ask people nicely if I'm allowed to speak?"
"Thats such a great idea, because that will *always* work!"
"Projection, of course. Saint Reagan had about double the vacation days of Obama, while Bush Jr. had over quadruple. Obama has easily received the most scorn for his infamous golf vacations and Vineyard retreats. Including from Kellyanne herself."
When China built the their great wall... we called it a world wonder. Never heard anyone say they were racist against the mongols
Well what else is there? Democrat?
"Member' when Stephen Colbert gave control of his show to the Clinton Foundation and then got exposed and told Wikileaks to ""Grow the fuck up"" I member'"
ouch lose to uoft in the middle of their exam season too... how did those students do it? lol
Looks like I need to buy a 92 now.
OOPS! OBAMA Tells Troops No Foreign Terror Attacks Happened On His Watch
General Tso's Chicken or Baked Chicken.... wait... that didn't work.
What's an attitude or behavior that reveals how mature someone is?
TIL Korea has approved construction of a 1476 ft/450 m tall invisible skyscraper
Why Hasn't It Snowed in L.A. Since 1962?
Don't forget to vote!
"I've tried hot dogs, they're like weird tasting sausages."
I had lovebirds and cockatiels as a kid... the lovebirds were pretty loud but adorably cuddly. One of my cockatiels thought I was his girlfriend I think... he'd sing to my toes when I'd wiggle them and try to woo me. So cute!
"What? Wait, WHAT?!"
"Translation: ""I didn't read the Terms and Service when I purchased a ticket from Korean Air. When Korean Air insists I follow the T&amp;S I agreed to I am getting mad!"" Did I get it right? Are you looking for sympathy because Korean Air did nothing wrong."
KZ and SA
"So if I mix my whiskey with diet coke instead of regular, I will have less of a hangover the following day?"
"I asked for one present this Christmas...and I received it! Merry Christmas, r/LEGO!"
"Can I get $20? Anything to pay down my student loans would help. And yes, I know I have no shame."
Thanks to the Shah.
"I have 2x4 Corsair 2000mhz if you end up looking at other brand options, feel free to PM if so."
An Obviously Valuable Statistic
"Nah, good intentions. Sounds like it could be ***really*** bad, though."
Children - Part 142
Pirate shaman is good
Who is our first lady?
And Genderless Porygon can have a non-Ditto parent... how?
Post Roadblock End of the Line 2016 Match Discussion Thread: Rich Swann (c) vs. TJP vs. Brian Kendrick Winner Rich Swann Time 5:59
"oh no, THE SPORTS THE SPORTS, what will happen to the sports!"
"2016-12-09 Unofficial Patch Notes - AVA armors; new ANT, Galaxy, and Sunderer weapons; Construction Snowmen"
Sacramento is this year's Chicago Bulls. The Bulls could be starting D-League players last year and we'd still lose to them.
My Best Epic Save + Goal Combo While AFK (Rumble)
*stands battling* *loud narration* *explosion* *screams of pain* *screams of anguish* *stand battling* *explosions* *screaming* **Jotato: Wow that is some funny sounding rain.**
France's honest tax system crusader convicted for hiding millions of euros
I don't suppose it occurred to you that grappling could be extremely effective without the bullshit that's enabled by those rules? Grappling techniques were dominant in European martial arts throughout the medieval period. Why? It worked really well. Certainly not because no one thought of punching each other.
"That feeling when I get out of solo lane 2-0 and 20 cs lead and I am ready to carry this game! Oh, our 800k mid Yasuo is 7/6 and the only person I can 1v1 is apparently my lane opponent."
I was counting Origins as well
Widow Gets on Point
it doesn't work that way
Custom games with private lobbies?
Maybe I chose the wrong term. I meant that they would just be trying to make themselves feel better about the situation they've left you in. They don't want to be with you but they may feel bad they've broken your heart. Or maybe they just want some attention or validation. My ex (who fell out of love with me) knows that I need no contact to get over her and I respect that she hasn't contacted me.
"1940's logic: At war with Japan, Japanese-Americans acted as spies and intelligence gatherers for the attack on Pearl Harbor, as a precaution we'll intern Japanese-Americans for the duration of the war. 2000's logic: At war with Muslim terrorists. We need more Muslims in our military, even though our Muslim soldiers have attacked friendly troops on more than one occasion. We need more Muslims in our government because diversity. Which one is more crazy or unethical? I'd say the 2000's logic."
"Same goes for you, maybe you should go to college and take a logic course or something. Its just not as impressive as 4 sick shots, A spraydown is still a spraydown regardless of who says it. I used to be SMFC when I played, not that it matters"
Kripp is a wizard
Some of them are also children or legal immigrants.
HOLY SHIT.
"The Republicans won't give a fuck. As long as Trump is a Republican, he could literally take a dump on the original copy of the Constitution and they wouldn't care."
Is Sunday the most underrated player ever? If she made the finals she would have won in a landslide. She was above average in challenges and her social game was one of the best in recent memory. If she plays again and does well she could be a hall of famer
I bet you're a shitty goalie with that poor vision.
All of the S/N numbers in the image that you posted are serial numbers for each component of your Vive.
Minor editing error. Bryan put Brie up for the rack attack and then they switched to Nikki for a shot and then they came back and Bryan had Brie in a fireman's carry.
"And this is a brilliant way to reach the people directly. Her political leanings and ideological beliefs aside, kudos to her. Smart woman, in this respect at least."
I'm guessing it means something along the lines of 'the other Faf'?
"""if played from hand, gain charge"" should be sufficient."
CIA says Russia intervened to help Trump win White House: Washington Post
That I switch accents on the fly. It depends on who I'm talking to. My default is good ol' generalized American accent but I often switch to Malaysian English when I'm with uni friends or to a mild Aussie accent when I'm with my high school friends (they're Aussies). Apparently it weirds some people out.
XD CUTE PLAY ADAM XD
Hi-Rez responded? Where?
unexpected Veigar
?
"Wait, they unreworked Kog? and what the fuck is a controller? I've been playing the last month and I have no idea what any of this is... except ivern"
Just last week Obama himself was here collecting our guns. :(
Gotta admit he's the GOAT.
"Say a sentence that would sound absurd before Mean Streets of Gadgetzan release For example: Jesus, I hope I don't queue into a Priest again"
"Straight up though. I actually just finished up a project for one of my programming classes tonight, and when i removed a debug cout statement, the program would seg fault. So I just put it back. Have no idea what's going on"
Figuring out how to reverse climate change.
"According to the CFL, Ottawa is really, really bad"
"John Dean, former Nixon White House Counsel, on Twitter: ""The intel report on Russia's role in the 2016 election must be available for all electors before the electoral college meets Dec. 19."""
New bike day - Who likes bamboo?
Wow that was close. Haven't had a quali that close in a while
That's basically what it is now. Everyone runs 3 nades plus martyrdom. So many explosions.
"Report: Russia hacked RNC, but did not leak info"
"""Th**e** X Fil**e**s"""
"GERMANY ""BANS"" SAUSAGES: Pork removed from cafes and schools to 'not offend refugees'"
[](#px-happy) Winner 01 * You can deposit roughly around the Countdown's timing * If you get sniped I will let you know
MRW I tell my husband I want to go see Moana at a matinee showing for cheap and he says he doesn't want to. Then later asks me what I would like to do today.
These people are more interested in the fact that she doesn't ride the dick of the pro-queer movement than they are concerned over how Obama arms those who behead children.
"Actually, they're nonbinary. The article might not have been perfectly clear on this."
"I got noctis and I've been playing for 20ish days. Got him off my 3rd pull in total on this banner, and it was at 3 am so I did the daily summon and got him. Soo lucky for me"
You elected a Nazi over some emails.
Replacing my polar relay station before my EveProbe gets too far out. Erring on the side of caution for thrust and fuel.
Sense8 Christmas Special orgy scene
Lol that strap-on
Mountain or drink?
So the FBI is working for Russia...? Wow.
Great Paintings. When do we get to see the second part of this series: 'Paintings of your mom by climbers' ? Just Kidding. :)
"I was telling her about the time someone said i was ""obsessed with calories"" and then she said ""you don't even look anorexic"""
Our culture? WTF?
"Bullshit. I bet those only cost $10 to manufacture. You're paying for a name, not quality."
"Hey guys, posting a translated message here on behalf of the LAS broadcast team: Hey everybody, Riot Catador here, broadcast manager for LAS. We'd like to apologize for the comments made on the LAS broadcast earlier today; we're extremely disappointed in the behavior of those two casters, and have removed them from the remainder of the broadcast. This kind of language is unacceptable, and we apologize to all of our fans, players, and teams."
"Soaz is the best western top laner of all time though, he's incredibly talented."
"You can also take it to the police station and if no one claims it within mystery amount of time because you didn't state your location, you can keep it. You should do the right thing. Nobody here will advise you otherwise."
"It is the same in Denmark and some parts of Sweden. The problems are just starting at this point, because for each new person, we instantly need more cheap housing, we need more language schools, we need to offer them welfare and the jobs to pay for it as good citizens.. We need more of everything. Even if the rate is slowing down, it will still take more than 5 years to process the cases of the people we got last year."
"It was just one of those things where, if you wanted to play Ibuki. Why? Mika was a better Ibuki and honestly, I think Mika is still a better Ibuki."
"As Democrats demand probe over CIA election claim, GOP senators express doubt"
PS4 has trouble switching from 46 inch TV to 32 inch.
"But he already knows how they would react with that proof, and without it."
"Aside from Morgan Freeman, whose voice would you choose to narrate your life?"
NMS literally loves me
"Depending on your background, 2200 may not be something to blow your nose at. I feel like I really took to Overwatch thanks to my 600+ hours in TF2 and 200+ hours in CS:GO."
tom hanks is the least friend celebrity I've ever met... he's a distant star
What popular movie have you never seen?
Men love preying on drunk women. This is a fact.(Now with 100% less need to log in)
Google's phasing out Flash -- thoughts on future of HS Flash animations/walkthroughs?
"Give the name of the nearest city with population exceeding 1 million, and tag a redditor from that city, along with the last thing they typed in the Discord #Current-round channel."
"So far all of the bonuses have been just the protagonist's outfits, we got cloud, squall, zidane, and Tidus, they threw in yuna because they wanted to gender lock them for some reason, but doubt we'll get the aupporting cast"
Manchester United 2 - 1 Tottenham
Kill or run Ev trin with some energy plates when you're at 0
"Yup, author is 100% incorrect on the ""quad cores"". Max available on the x1c is a low-voltage i7 dual core (w/ hyperthreading). Also the ultra-low-profile trackpoint on the 4th gen carbon is complete dog shit."
One of those e's just doesnt belong here..
What song title sums up your sex life?
You are right... I think only land owners should be allowed to vote like the good old day.
AFL 2017: The case for the top eight
My daughter is blind and for her ninth birthday party we made braille chocolate message slabs - I LOVE YOU and HAPPY BIRTHDAY in braille.
What seems boring but is actually really fun?
"""I don't know in what universe Vega Squadron *can* beat'em"" Well, this one, it seems"
Anyone know the source? Wondering what it sounds like.
Why do people like his exist
HOw have we not run out of things to capitalize HO in?
"Should have voted Hillary, folks."
Imagine if she changed it and it was a dick pic instead
Proof?
Not just 7-11 - Endemic underpayment of young workers in hospitality jobs.
"One Mana Man, the Token Gesture; R Planeswalker - One (Common) +1: Discard two cards, then draw a card. -1: One Mana Man deals 1 damage to target creature. -4: One Mana Man deals 3 damage to target creature or player. Starting Loyalty 2"
Needs way more cheese and way less vegetables. Gross.
Volt Prime's glitch skin looks like Hunhow
"My highschool bully still takes my lunch money... But on the upside, he makes great Subway sandwiches!"
"Where is the rocket shield? So I used this thing called the search bar and it looked like no one asked this question. I ask this, because the rocket shield was in the trailer."
That's a little extreme...
Didn't read. Islam at it again?
"More than 30,000 trees will be axed for 65-km road between Chikkamagaluru, Dakshina Kannada | Another ecological disaster? - Bangalore Mirror"
7
How it feels to be able to afford Baconreader Premium and watch everyone else complain about ads in the Free version when I havent seen an ad in 4 years.
NFL Daily - 12/11/16 (Sunday) NFL discussion to go here!
So you can swap your kids electric car motor!
"Religion, terrorism, and shit media. 2017 is already boring me."
Drug overdoses now kill more Americans than guns
"Aside from going to space, doesn't... Doesn't all that predate NASA by hundreds/thousands of years?"
"AJ will win by TKO and the fucks will still find an excuse to discredit him. Get your 'washed up', 'old-man' and 'past his day' excuses at the ready you grumpy pricks. This man is on the fast track to being the best heavyweight in the world, just you wait."
And? Do you touch yourself at night?
I thought the same so I cut the entire elastic band on the bottom. Now the length is much better and is great to layer under. You should try it. Its really easy to cut it clean with regular scissors.
"So I guess just anyone can use the title ""Doctor"" now"
2016
"Teenagers of Reddit, what is something you want to ask adults of Reddit?"
Dota Bot Scripting - Valve Dev Wiki
How do you make friends when you get older?
Leicester City winning the Premier League.
"Is it just me or is support a lot more fun in HOTS than in other mobas? So I come from Lol and I decided to give HOTS a try when they removed the equivalent of Unranked Draft in my server as it was the only game mode I played. What surprised me the most was how different my tastes are in this game. In Lol, I mained mages (caster assassins like Jaina) and ADCs (auto-attack assassins like Raynor) because I liked dealing damage and carrying. However, in HOTS I feel rather indifferent towards that type of champion, but I'm completely in love with supports like Brightwing or Auriel who I simply can't stop playing. I'm not entirely sure why, but I guess it feels good to get some recognition in the MVP screen here, whereas in Lol supports are mostly invisible and noone ever notices them except for when they want to rage at someone when there isn't enough vision on the map. And it also feels like I have a noticeable impact in the game, whereas in lol it's mostly the equivalent of assassins that hog all the glory."
Bungee Hook
"Dave is good with his hand, just like a Keeper should be ;)"
Idiots do this all the time where I live. It's usually idiots with either a confederate flag flying or some stupid bumper sticker about guns. And before anyone flames me I'll say this is not an opinion it's just an observation. I saw someone do this in front of a cyclist the other week and it pissed me off. Pulled up next to the guy and sure enough it's some teen idiot in a camo cap and I let him have it. He flipped me off and sped off.
"There's a fine line between ""No, Don't Stop"" and ""No, Stop, Don't"""
"Rama has a higher ranged than Thoth and can be fired more safely. Ra has a near instant cast. Scylla has CC immunity during the ult so she can't be interrupted unless she is killed. Poseidon, Ymir, and Isis all zone enemy's with their ult plus allow for additional follow up either with the knockup, keep people grouped closer together with the slow, or heal the team. Thoth can be interrupted, he has a long channel time, and he is really obvious when he is trying to snipe from stealth. He can either be jumped on in the thick of the fight and interrupted or a zoned can hearing him grunting and interrupt him before he can fire it. If he tries to shoot from a very long range he probably won't have visibility and know when to fire it or how to fire it if the enemy team is clearing wards. But keep ignoring his weaknesses if it helps your arguement"
Which episode?
The negative net worth is probably because so many people have a house.
What did they change regarding sledge?
already botting 3 days in.
"Yeah, but knowing how the industry works the customer would have called the owners/corporate, it would have trickled down, and said douchey manager would have still gotten them all in trouble for it. Damned if you do, damned if you don't."
I have PoC friends that almost go into seizures when they see a white body with locs!!!!
Game-Thread: Redskins @ Eagles - 1:00 HTTR!
Is that not... Kind of dangerous...?
"Thanks Fowler,second drop that might cost us a game."
Dota 7.00 kneejerk reaction thread Voice your uneducated reactions here
"As a Brazilian, i can confirm it works"
"Na is worse, but people are not so pedantic about it."
"yeah its hard to find info about derivatives. from what i understand, they are products that they sell each other, like the average investor cant even buy them because they only sell them to each other."
"Cousins has the same effect as Eli Manning, too much of a doofus to hate."
Just call them real sports. Flesh sports sounds like something from a horror movie
I voted for Trump to stop the Clinton machine.
"Why on earth if you're stuck in the nosebleeds, wouldn't you move closer down? Dumb."
I can't believe I watched the whole thing
DAE deny the holocaust????
Demon Cait and Vi - Sieyarelow
"I do support the team actually, very pleased with the victory today. But fellaini is someone who is clearly a curse on this club, we have been wack ever since he was signed on deadline day 2013. Not that I have to answer myself to you though."
"Liquidpedia says, that he's usin' the Steelseries Ikari"
I think there are 2 goalkeeping coaches at the moment at Chelsea instead of Lollichon
#BASH
Please do that.
Unairu 2.0: Become the Mountain. (Focus Rework Concept)
Lmaowat.
"As the son of a real immigrant, my Father's choice was work or starve, the fact you aren't shocked that people can come to a country and spend a year not working and not be dead is the real shocker."
"Haha shit, well it's just an observation."
The latter... though I spin Fat Wreck/Lookout/Epitaph stuff + older punk on the first Saturday of each month at the Moose.
"My #1 weapon i want added to R6S, what's yours ?"
We have elected Dunning-Kruger as President.
Even you have to admit it's pretty ridiculous to wear a device on top of your head for shading your eyes and then get squinty and cover your eyes with something else because it's pointed the wrong way.
"Valve just released a new case called ""Grandma's Case"""
Mmmhmmm.
IF YOU WANTED A CHIP YOU COULD HAVE GOTTEN A BAG AT THE HAMBURGER STORE
And where did this come from?
"its a thing that doctors ignore female pain, and attribute their concerns to something like ""hysteria"""
"Go figure, when you're on your 4th RT you will get fucked because of it."
"Yeah, the one Obama kept and expanded."
"Every once in a while I go on a binge and spend all my ISO on standard covers in hopes of getting more 3 stars. He was around the 30-40ish pull for me, and it was his yellow power."
AND TOMLIN IS ONE OF FOUR COACHES WITH 10 SEASONS AND NOT ANY LOSING SEASONS!!!
"The White House, of course"
"that womens thought process at the end ahh good his numbers are acceptable so i can like him, i can publicly declare i find him sexy without being the victim of women being catty and saying mean things behind my back over social media. I liked him before but just needed the right numbers to seal the deal, a girl has to be careful these days"
Just confirmed that the Karma Grip can survive getting drenched in snow/me tripping while running
like fidel...
People get rich off making shit impressionable young people with money wanna buy.
Thoughts on This as a New FB Profile?
Coast Guard suspends search for motorcyclist who flew off Causeway
Just double Nox is aids. time it right and one person cant ever do anything until they die.
"But don't worry, we're draining the swamp."
"Donald Trump apologizes for aggressive, crude comments"
I mean he hasn't been wrong yet. Everyone else said he had a 1.8% chance of winning but he was right. What does he have to do to get the benefit of the doubt from you guys? He's already ben proven rights.
"""intelligentical people have bad handwriting because their brains think faster!!!!"" No, honey. You just never learned to form your letters the correct way."
"Yeah, totally self-driving cars are further in the future but I don't see them being impossible within a 10-year timespan after self-driving goes mainstream. There's such a huge economic benefit to not having to pay the truckers at all that it'll *drive* demand for the right technology"
"Depends on the game. Case in point, Monopoly."
No it's not. No QB has ever played in only two regular season games and won a Super Bowl.
"lagu dan cerita lama ""kami engga maksa atau nuntut, tapi sangat amat harus dianjurkan akan tetapi sebaiknya diikuti dipatuhi dituruti wajib sukarela tanpa pamrih membubarkan diri"""
They were down for me too but works fine now
"They have to start their own streaming service, FastFlix, to handle putting out all 27 shows. Each of which star a different set of the Fast Crew. Each show has two seasons a year, every actor is on every show in at least one episode. They all take place in the same film universe except for the 3 series that take place at different points in time (wild west, medieval, and World War II) and of course the two time travelling series."
Yeah but having the option is pretty cool
"While I was binging on Serqet, I noticed something that really irritated me. As you may know, one of Serqet's greatest initiations requires the relic ""Blink"". You find a target, blink to them and either 2 - 1 - 4 - auto or 4 - 2 - 1 - auto. During these combos I noticed I was missing opportunities quite a lot due to a delay after I blinked. I was wondering what was happening and it appears that Blink drops you at your teleport location, instead of teleporting you directly on the ground. It leaves you in a falling state momentarily after you blink into your location. Sort of like when you walk out of the fountain in assault. It also appears to carry your momentum even if you stopped pushing forward during the blink. I was wondering if its supposed to be like this or if its a bug that no one ever really complained about. Either way, it really bothers me sometimes and I would love if it was changed."
"Be careful, if you hurt his feelings he might not deploy his plan to take out ISIS."
Hey did you know it's not safe to update to the new firmware? I heard Nintendo patched a lot in 11.0.33
"Omg, where are you from? Free chips and salsa has been a part of my life since I was little."
"How concerned are you about where your country is headed? I mean with the brexit thing, illegal immigration, the increase in islam, no more privacy."
Time of Monday announcement? Just wondering if anyone knows the exact time the new information is going to be released?
"20 Palmyras at least 1st, population is like 20x of that of palmyra 2nd, it frees up countless number of troops that were frozen there along with a very large number of elite storming troops"
Bill Mitchell on Twitter: Congress needs to pass legislation making English the official language.
Still learning to love my titties!
Couldn't be that's it's a different world now than it was then?
Yeah they can try but the math just doesn't work out.
Ditto always makes me think it's a bean
Mom walks 30 hours through snow and wilderness to get help for family (And in the process makes numerous bad decisions. Lucky to be alive)
"this is not about mishandled classified documents, this is about the US military endorsing child rape slaves. this is the us military ""covering up its own misconduct by shifting attention to something unrelated"". covering up their endorsement of child rapes slaves by attacking the whistleblower"
Best graphics card under $250 CAD Looking to spen my christmas money on a new gpu. Wondering what I should be looking for
"Makes sense, yeah, it seems like the artist likes neither of the candidates"
"It is stuck in development hell. It is cool, but like a tech demo, not full game any time soon."
A 3rd player that can consistently put the basketball into hoop? Wow that'd be amazing
"Super girl event early end? I was trying to get her to L1, and I swear the event ended today but said it had three more days (maybe) ??"
"Craig Sager has passed away, according to Turner Sports. One of the all-time greats. RIP."
"Im gonna be that wanker that doesnt answer the question in the manner it was asked. Human Voice. The Applications for it is amazing. Tuvan throat singing, Metal vocals, ""normal"" singing. its pretty fucking cool."
"Why do inexperienced teachers end up with the most difficult classes to manage while veteran teachers often end up with the upper-level, easier, lower-stress classes? Shouldn't it be the other way around?"
"I have, I was joking. The game played nicely and was quite a bit of fun to be honest."
Dota 2. The finest Free to Play game there's ever been on the market.
What did Kobe do that MJ couldnt?
Sunday morning
Anomaly's reddit worthy AWP
"Anything involving coconut oil. I'm a vet, and the random things that people decide to rub coconut oil on to ""fix"" or the various orifices they stick it in without a second thought is just... alarming. Especially since most of them are doing it because an infographic on Facebook told them to, with no real research into it on their own. Cannot wait until this fad is over."
Guess the aircrafts and what are they doing ?
MRW my thumb controls a remote control butt plug on anyone wearing glasses
"I, for one, am happy to know that we aren't the only team who can't beat a specific division rival when having an otherwise awesome season."
"Hey tard, that makes them a super power. The ability to cause destruction of your enemy from miles away makes you a super power. Thanks for proving my own point."
The BUFF PA needs
"What's really funny is that everyone is going to be dismantling their cards to get the ""now"" build, but when cards get adjusted, they won't have anything left to make what they need in the future."
so brave
I thought OS updates were on Tuesdays...wth apple.
"Nope, wrong."
"Hate to break it to you, but you don't get to decide who can call themselves Christian."
"The hell? I'm in Tokyo right now and this is definitely not OK. The only reason why it may seem OK is because people here are non-confrontational about it, so no one says shit about it to avoid causing a scene."
Donald Trump has lost popular vote by greater margin than any US President in history
Which specialties are the lowest paying with the worst lifestyle? And longest training (residency and fellowships) too?
Been a top 3 bench for like the past 3 years
You really believe the US could force them to accept these children? How exactly do you think that would work?
I'm not going to watch the new one. The jericho trumpets pumped me so much I'm not going to risk being underwhelmed or spoiled
Give me that Spock look
Bad news kids...
Jeff Fisher Fired
"Now that Biker DLC is confirmed, what will you name your MC? Or if you're already in an MC, tell us the name of yours. For all parties interested, feel free to mention if you're recruiting. My MC will be the Crooked Vultures, named after a band you may have heard of... Can't wait to start working on the emblem tonight."
Verify game cache
So you think you're bigoted because he's bad in bed? I'm sorry but that's stupid. Communicate with him. Tell him that you're unsatisfied and look for options for sex. Buy a help yourself sex book or something. Just talk to him. And stop going on tumblr so much. A sexual preference or attraction isn't racist or bigoted. It's a prefrence.
"The briefing is probably the same crap repeated every day. He has better things to do than sit in a meeting for that, and gets the brief in written form anyway. I dont see a problem with this...."
"About time, you were a victim of a brutal smear. They fucking cheated you, you should be furious! Revenge! Rooooaaar! Trumps going down, dirty fat fucking traitor! Play dirty too, play em at their own game, Trumps the fucking pedofile! Fuck of Russia!"
Gimmicky! According to their commercials it is very useful. Though even after watching I am still unclear how...
You might have to smuggle it past customs. Note: I don't know if you actually will have to smuggle it past customs.
"You see girls have a tendency to like games like Warcraft and Zelda and girls are only casual gamers so if a girl likes it, it must be casual."
Advice for dating a homestuck Basically the same but once you start dating they'll find fanart of the trolls that correspond to your zodiac signs
But *why*?
What the hell do you buy a 13 year old boy for Christmas?
"Why not just listen to the Smite subreddit, they know what they're talking about."
How can I contact u
how?
"Well yeah, they arent going to do it for free.."
Which game
What is the most iconic matchup in each Smash Bros. game? So basically when you think of a certain smash game what is the first matchup that appears in your mind?
Search all mail and provide monitoring and inspection tools? This couldn't ever snowball into something giving up more freedom? Am I a suspect for being concerned? Why propose this before legializing marijuana? Perhaps to cause a perceived need for more monitoring and authority?
Venezuela's Response To Inflation - Just Confiscate All The Money
Alex Jones: Obama And CIA May Assassinate Trump
"TIL after Forbes claimed that 70% of billionaires on their Forbes 400 list made their fortune ""entirely from scratch"", analysts found that, in fact, over 60% grew up in substantial privilege with some inheriting over $50 million."
"lol you couldn't see this coming? I'm not a COD4 purist, but I really don't understand the hate here. It's just melee weapons and new camos."
"We have president elect Trump because of fake news, so, yeah, let's regulate the shit out of that."
"Cold and penguins, mostly."
If we don't complain about it being cold why does it matter if we wear shorts?
Lmao what was the author thinking
This is what the AL East is all about
"looks like there was only 120 games played with her in platinum or higher. with her pick rate thats basically 8 taliyah picks in 1,000 games. In comparison leblanc has over 1,200 games."
What about PS4?
Looks like those commercials for coal are really paying off.
"Ah an apologist who thinks it is the fault of decent people that morons, racists and degenerates voted for Trump. nope. It's all on you. And I intend to call it out for as long as the American Nazi party is in power."
"Game Thread: Bruins @ (Fuck the) Habs - 7:30pm EST * Start drinking early = Start talking here early! * Run Price often, let's see if he wants to get physical with our boys! * Fuck the Habs. * Pasta on the new line, gonna up the scoring! * Hi slicked * Hit hard, hit often * Fuck the Habs LET'S RUN THEM OUTTA THEIR OWN HOUSE! **GO BRUINS!** What we all drinking for the wondrous occasion?"
New phone I want to get an android phone can you recommend me any. Must be under 100 dollars and must be on Verizon.
"He's my favorite hero too, but I'm not feeling optimistic."
Jeff Fisher Fired
"I think he blocked me after I said ""Shut up Wesley"" to him on Twitter, so disagree."
Twitch rolls out automated tool to stem wave of chat harassment
Can't wait to see him on team USA in a few years.
"The hat isn't part of the pokemon, why would ditto transform into it"
I loved it for the short amount of time that I had it:(
"Does your mouse have an optical or laser sensor? Laser sensors usually work better with hard pads than soft pads. That said, optical sensors are better than laser on hard or soft."
Where Babies Come From
To hell with the flounders and every other Seattle team. I don't root for the fucking Seahawks and if they get an NHL team I won't root for them either. Regional sports teams are a bullshit concept. Portland homer til I die.
Getting sick of these.. He got hit by a Q+Ult+Thunderlord's as a glass cannon ADC. Enough said.
Romney confirms he's not Trump's pick for secretary of state
My only gripe is the midcard is literally just Ziggler and Miz with Crews and Corbins as scrubs who couldn't compete with AJ yet.
Great game! We'll take the point. Probably offside at the end but too close to overturn. But can teams please stop running Price.
Schiit Fulla 2 has the best device name.
I'll just leave this here
Not a drinker but I assure you the pain is already bad enough.
Anyone else get these?
What players do you wish were in HUT this year? As a big Senators fan I wish we had Daniel Alfredsson.
Usually only if he keeps doing it after being told not to.
Base with RUIN inside
Cambodian PM name-drops Duterte in citing drug concerns
kailangan ko po ng sugar mommy
Masturbation addiction is the only addiction I can think of that can be 'cured' by convincing someone else to do it for you.
Started as a Microsoft Expert a week before Black Friday at 13 Prior to that I was a Project Team specialist making 12.44
Gender biased
"Quali regali avete ricevuto oggi? Come da titolo, quali regali avete ricevuto in questa giornata Natalizia, che sta volgendo al termine?"
Absolutely damned straight. The Russians did the American people a FAVOR by adding extra transparency to this election.
//fixed
So... you have it exactly as bad as men.
"Knitted 15 Weasley sweaters for my preschool class. Took 3 months, countless hours, and a lot of swearing, but I'm pretty happy with the results!"
We get it. You've never lived in an impoverished country over run with narcotics.
"It's because she said she would be completely fine with me talking to a girl and giving that girl attention, and she hasn't given me any reason not to believe that. We both talk about opposite sex friends, and even mention if we find them attractive looking. She says she would only get jealous if I were to do anything more than a hug. Kissing, flirting, etc. We've talked it through now though and we've come to a solution, thanks for your response!"
"I tried to pen stug g in drivers hatch, but it appears it is the same as shooting plain frontal armor. Needless to say, I died, not even penetrating him once on kv-1l11"
"For context: they drew 'mediocre' teams in their CL group last year, Lyon and Valencia are good teams but they aren't exactly something you dream of when you get into the CL for the first time. When they managed to get through the group stage, they drew Wolfsburg, which again, isn't exactly the kind of club you want when you could have been drawn against teams like Real Madrid, Arsenal, etc... This time they're happy to actually draw a 'world class' team if you can call Spurs that and play in a stadium like Wembley. They're just happy they don't have to play some unknown Romanian team."
Fun fact: Brave Tenacity (the OE Elgif from the bundle) is valued at 0 Merit Points when trading
"What are existential risks of your world? An existential risk can be defined as a hypothetical future event that has the potential to either annihilate Earth-originating intelligent life or permanently and drastically curtail its potential. A source of risk of such caliber may include (though is not limited to) hostile artificial intelligence, nanotechnology weapons, climate change, nuclear warfare, total war, and pandemics."
My keyboard has a display in each key
"What's sad is how many of them there are here and how many agree with them, but their ignorance is why we have so many expensive lawsuits in our courts... ignorance really is the fastest way to willful poverty."
ACM good place to sleep? I heard that ACM was a great spot to take naps between studying. Can anyone confirm? I also find jakarta fried rice soothing
"Yeah, I'll say it. These are sexist, trying to be clever."
What is the most elaborate lie you have ever told?
"New York should seize Trump Tower - ""It would save the city money, and Trump loves eminent domain anyhow"""
December 13th Daily Thread You should post here for: * PRs * General discussion or questions * Community conversation * Routine critiques * Form checks
You have 40 apps just waiting to be updated? Damn
how the fuck do you get 6ft of snow on top of your damn car
:/
Have you considered the possibility they're not shills and people genuinely hold these opinions?
Gone viral: Brooklyn man's website helps people contact Electoral College before Trump vote
"It looks more like the function of the flip is to reverse the position of the expanding butane liquid/gas and the soda, making the soda block the exit and be forced out by the gas which is now trapped. If that's the case then it should work with or without carbonation."
First thing you do is go to a tailor and get a pair of big boy pants. Once you put them on you stop giving a fuck what others think. You aren't going to convince ignorant people so fuck 'em.
"Bassist looking to jam / have fun Almost no experience playing with others, but everyone's gotta start somewhere right? Intermediate player, let me know if you wanna play together. Any genre"
I've met a couple swedes and Finns who watch the NHL. Wouldn't shock me if Russians watched too.
"I meant that sarcastically. I agree with you, I just remember Romney saying that last election and me yelling at the TV about it."
"They don't care. The opinion in T_D was that billionaires are people satisfied with life already, and now they live just to give it back to society. It is unbelievable. They would eat shit if Trump said it is good for the breath."
"If you do what you're suggesting, how would you go about fixing leaks in the inner pipe? How would you even know where the leak is in the first place?"
"Before ""Couged it"" gets upvoted to the top, this was not couging it. This was Clemsoning. Know the difference."
"The Queen looks more nervous than him, as she's checking out his arms. He looks like he's trying to conceal a chubby in his tiny shorts."
"Chocobos, Survival, Does it stack? As the title says, was curious if riding Chocobos also count for leveling up Survival. Walking/running takes forever so was curious if I could kill two bird with one stone, no pun intended, and get do for my chocobo and survival at the same time. Thanks in advance."
How come no one here is complaining about taking jobs of domestic musicians?
"What changes would you make to Scout and Sunder? With Season 4 coming up, we're going to see major balance changes. Scout and Sunder should definitely be looked at as the two are the most underutilized relics in the entire game, and maybe the two least used items in the whole game. Scout is never picked up and Sunder is rarely used outside of trolling. What would you change to make these relics useful?"
A lot less work to change the quantity than to make a new interface though.
"The fact that it is on a show called ""Travelers"" makes this egg even better"
"I'm a simple man. I see Nujabes, I upvote."
A giant iceberg greeting the sun on an early morning in Eastern Greenland | by hpd-fotografy.
Team to face Norwich
"I don't think that is a bug, and more of a flaw in the LP system."
"LPT: When you start working out, Don't tell anyone and let them notice your gains. If you tell them you started working out than they will look for it"
Accurate
Make it smaller! Be aware - you will have to fill it. ;-)
Leak of Christmas Skins!
After 150 years of progressive income tax people are still that dumb in the US? I thought that it was a problem in my country because we have been doing that only for 8 years.
They can't do anything fun with her because her visual design was the spawn of triggered sjw's whining on the internet. I'm sure that they would have used her same kit and weapon but just on a completely different character on the visual part.
"If you are brave/crazy you can open a Bitfinex account and put it in margin funding to gain interest on your bitcoins. It is crazy because they can get hacked, but for ""fun"" you can put in a little bit."
"Try googling a proxy site. These will allow you to view blocked webpages. I'd give you some examples, but currently *my* work has blocked anything with the word ""proxy"" in it, so I can't help. Luckily for me Reddit is pretty unblocked on the whole though."
was that an offer or just speculation I already sold it for 20$ lol
when you get a real good affinity for your squadron
What useless skill were you born with?
'Business we don't want': Funeral director in B.C. sees more fentanyl-related deaths.
"lol David Steckel on the PP, fuck me."
Here's the Penalties drawn per 60 Minutes. 1.Garnet Hathaway CGY 2.Matthew Tkachuk CGY 3.Matt Martin TOR
nice meme
"This is so stupid. The MSM methodology is to latch onto some passing statement of Trump, some sound bite, and make that the news cycle for days , as if a single remark is an entire picture. Trump has plenty of other Intel sources. Alex Jones, who gets inside info on Trump from Roger Stone et. al, says Trump uses Booz Allen Hamilton, plus defense Intel sources as he's surrounded by generals, like Flynn, who hate the CIA. If you want to perpetuate the MSM narrative that Trump is disconnected on Intel go ahead but its fiction"
"Sorry to assume your gender. As a full-grown man, I would also choose the Keanu"
"Which way to the Americas as an Indian nation? I want a chance at spawning Colonialism as Nagaur, which I know requires having discovered the Americas. In previous attempts I was going west, but it occurs to me that I could go east instead, which has the added benefit of colonizing regions that actually can feed into my home trade node. I feel like west is probably still shorter, but it would be nice if I were wrong. Anyone know?"
Plus the whole trinity issue. Which caused the schism.
* Arbok is literally a king Cobra. * Ekans is literally a snake * It should have been either Jigglypuff or Clefairy. We didn't need two pink cute pokemon that are normal types. The other could have been added in gen 2. * there were too many glitches
Yes we would have....? In literally the same exact way. Just from the other side.
First draft of new Shield/Armour status panel coming soonTM (from Mark Allen on forums)
It's also full of hard links so it appears larger (and thus a better target for cleanup) than it actually is. Yeah don't mess with it.
Not true. I have been working out for years and see no reason to stop and there are many reasons to continue.
Ign's vita GOTY nominations+voting
"I have the Asus strix rx 480 8GB and d i5 4560 (at least I think, bad memory for numbers xD ) and I can run ultra unit size with most settings on ultra on stable 60, not using AA since I don't really like it (or see the difference, maybe I'm blind xD). Crimson works fine for me, I tried ""overwriting some settings and it worked although I was just testing it."
young student of faith SCHOOLS liberal college professor
Run DMT Presents: The Existential Mix Part III
"As a Canadian, this is how i imagine the southern states are all the time -"
"I like to check the comment history of the_leakers who decide to venture out of their safe space and it's all video games, racist comments, terrible jokes. These are people are not prepared for civil unrest, much less any other flavor of reality."
Mark Cuban's MVP pick at this point: James Harden.
okay.
"All of them of course. I mean, who doesn't have 10+ monitors with tons of games going? Seriously though. I'm currently flipping between Mass Effect and Rainbow Six Siege."
This reminds me of Matrim Cauthon by the end of The Wheel of Time series.
"I had some in the back, but the people getting time-and-a-half that day couldn't be bothered, I suppose."
"I find it easier. I think it has something to do with me having a big butt and big thighs so. By ""standing up"", I have a much better angle."
"Are you suggesting that gathering all relevant information regarding an important story into a single source, then removing it after a day, is an honest action?"
Wait......there are other maps besides Dust 2?
It was a dissertation about nature in Ireland or something
Raanta in again tonight. Henrik sits 4th in a row.
Increased Anxiety Seen Among LGBT Youth Since Presidential Election
You act like normal people just go out and accidentally shoot a senior citizen standing in a driveway to death.
Still have to have a reason for violating the rules of international waters that you agreed to follow or major shipping that goes through that area will start to become more stressed and possibly break down.
"What's the parking situation. I looked on Google and it says free parking, but I only see a pay lot next door."
This has been posted before?
That makes him smart.
"New hockey game ""Old Time Hockey"" Announcement Trailer. This looks like a nice mix between old-school (blades of glory) with modern twists."
Seriously? The match just started 30 seconds ago
"Learn how to counter Loki and Anubis, who are both really common ""noob stompers""."
Quick questions for phosphex users What do you guys use to represent the Dangerous Terrain after resolving the blast from phosphex?
How is 5/3? I've always heard it was a good venue to see a game.
A magnetic sand hourglass.
And has angel wing tattoos
"Fried and ate an entire pack of bacon today, and it was yummy."
"So while America deals with a missing e-mails scandal, what happened to our own? What's former Liberal Chief of Staff David Livingston up to these days?"
Hey m8 you also identify as an apache helicopter?
"watch out for snakes, spiders, dingos, angry kangeroos and emu's, sharks, drop bears, blue ringed octopus. oh and fucking magpies."
Just because that wasn't where her last 'ping' was....doesn't mean that wasn't where the some of the dirty work was done. We know she was likely transported/or at least put in the back of the RAV.
"what is the legal age for becoming a screenwriter? Just curious as to whether or not I need to be eighteen, or possibly older, to become a screenwriter."
I have been in amateur porn for the past year AMA!
This woman walks her pug and pigeon every morning.
Trump Falsely Says U.S. Claim of Russian Hacking Came After Election
"If an OB team or team that qualified online gets to the grand finals, I'll give a lucky person that comments on this $10 USD. --- Rules * Please don't comment twice or use a separate account * Winner will be PM'd on Monday morning(EST)"
It lets me relive all my salt
"You wouldn't be interested in a RS68 kit would you? Ordered with mx blues, but I can include gat blues, gat yellows, or gat blacks instead."
The Simpsons Knew About Pizza Connection in 2011!
"Convincing 1/2 of a population to oppress and kill the other 1/2 is actually pretty easy, judging by the countless number of times that it has happened throughout history."
"My ex-girlfriend, ladies and gents. She said it's technically not cheating and was furious when I wouldn't take her back."
"The color you pick for your car doesn't make it go any faster, but it's sure important to you. I can see someone liking this just for the aesthetics. Quick and cheap mod that, to some, makes it look better. Doesn't impact safety or reliability as long as it's connected well. It's as simple as ""I like the look."" Symmetry generally looks nice. Would I do it? Hell no. Don't think it matches a Jeep Wrangler anyway. But I can understand why."
sinking ships will sink.
Sounds like OP's wife needs training.
Made supports great and medics useless
"Agreed. Ideally, it should try and weed out the persistent quitters and punish those. I would totally disagree with the assertion that this isn't a team game and the only mode where team play matters is LTS. It matters in every mode to varying degrees."
"There we go. So when they go comment mining in the future, the AI will see this and know you are on their side. Smart play. I too, hold this position, future AI researching me."
"What is your, ""I know it sounds weird, but just try it"" thing?"
"Yeah, I heard in one precinct, the ballot was locked, signed and certified to have 50 ballots. Then when they opened it up for the recount, they counted 300 ballots. The person who's signature was on the certification then blamed the operators who ran it through the machine 6 times. Yeah dipshit, you are meant to make sure the count is correct, not take the work of the machine operators. That's why you are the certifier."
"Well, I'm gay and I love chick-fil-a. I can't help it. It's delicious :("
"More specifically, the gray bottom signifies cadet status, so she has a very low chance of dying in order to give the episode gravitas. If she does, it will be even more serious, since she was a cadet and only a few weeks or days away from graduation."
"in most of my games after ~25 minutes i get a standard of 17-20 fps, going down to about 10-16 in teamfights"
Why would anyone donate epics? It will always be a loss for people to donate epics unless they open epic chests regularly. And in my opinion getting epics to tournament standard is harder than getting legendary. Also they are so rare in shops. Are supercell planning on reducing their rarity in chests too? Otherwise i cant see people donating me 4 epics every week.
Found this from Trudy. I have no doubt now that she's incestuous
You sure it was not a bot?
People whinging that they can't get their Facebook or YouTube 24x7 wherever they want haha. I honestly don't give a fuck because I grew up with Dial Up. I can handle brief periods of slow downs. Read a fucking book you cunts.
Kuroky on 7.00
I'm booing at home
"Well, there is also the problem of how Noah and his family and all the animals survived after the flood. According to genesis the flood lasted 'forty days and forty nights"" Does this mean forty whole days of rain and forty more rains that occurred only in the evening? Then the ""fountains of the deep opened up"". Whatever the fountains of the earth are...aquifers? geysers? It does not specify. We are supposed to picture a whole lot of water. It covers up all the mountains. Noah, his family, (just eight adults), and all the animals slosh around in this boat for quite some time. The ark is not huge by any means. 50 cubits by 300 cubits with a height of 30 cubits. This strikes me as an incredibly narrow boat. Cubits are about 22 of our inches. Anyway. After Noah and his kin get washed around in this mountain covering flood for one hundred and fifty days they come to rest on top of a mountain. They get out. What then? A flood that bad would kill off everything. They would have no animals to eat, the land would be silted over, even if they did bring seeds it would not guarantee results. A person who in this day and age can actually believe that the bibical flood happened as genesis states can be made to believe anything. Any lie, any bit of propaganda, any advertisement, any politician's spiel. They will eat up bullshit with a spoon and think it tasty because their powers of reasoning has been suspended. For me the worst part of the whole noah story is it is fed to small children as a nice bible story. I recall vividly the Sunday school classes with little kids drawing away with crayons all the animals. It has animals in it! Kids will love it! Just don't let them think of all the new babies drowning, all the small children, and all the other animals that did not get to represent their species. Noah is truly an ugly story."
"Rogue isn't garbage, getting a mini-flamestrike + 6 damage face for 3 mana was obscene though."
"Carriers need to not charge for this. US gives free SMS, the rest of the world needs to get on OUR page, the CORRECT page. Also, stop using the metric system."
"Fade In v. WriterDuet? Hey Everyone, I'm looking at purchasing a new Screenwriting program, and I've narrowed it down to Fade In or WriterDuet Pro. I've used both programs now, but I'm after one or the other as I don't want to purchase both. I want to be able to write from my computer mostly, and I really like the functionality of Fade In, but I also want to be able to write from outside my house on my tablet. Does Fade In have good Google Drive integration, and is the App any good on Android? Or is it just better to use the offline WriterDuet and take advantage of the fact that you can just continue from where ever you are, given you have an internet connection? I've had a lot of difficulty coming up with a decision, given both are similar in price and what they deliver, but I'm leaning more towards Fade In."
He's great. I hope that sometime in the next 8 years he learns how to play defense.
Sorry for being a gentlman.
"hell no we ain't giving away Jimmy, you can have Rondo"
"One thing I've never understood from Order of the Phoenix (Movie) I know it isn't in the book, but at the first DA meeting in Hogsmeade, why does Hermione struggle to say Voldemort's name? Being that she grew up a muggle, and she is the same age as Harry, she has neither the fear of Him from seeing him in action, nor being taught by parents and the media who he is and why she should be afraid. So why do they make it a point for her to have that personal struggle?"
"Dates are against awar kulcha. Go get a rishta-pukka fixed by your extended family, like a real Indian."
7 years? so he'll be released before his victim is even an adult...
Send help
I love Milner but he is not a long term solution at left back. He's done commendably but a few goals have resulted from him charging up the wing and not being able to get back in time
You know how sometimes Warlocks complain that their class item looks like a glorified watch? Welp.
Belief in global warming closed down RHI debate: Wilson
I actually did get most of them. Only thing i ever botted was 99 cooking and veng. Most of my money is made legit.
stop making up bullshit. No bank in Japan gives regular consumers negative interest.
I'm not sure Henny has much time
Dunkirk - Official Trailer
"I see a lot of Ezreals do the same, so frustating"
White House: 75% of ISIS fighters eliminated
"Need help deciding between the PS4 Slim and Pro. Hi guys, basically i've been waiting to buy a PS4 for a long time but i've finally come around and i'm looking to buy one soon. Now i have the choice between the PS4 Slim for 222 Euros or a PS4 Pro for 400 hundred and i was hoping you guys could help me pick. For the record, i don't have a TV that supports 4K but i heard the PS4 Pro can still deliver better frame rates on 1080p. So the PS4 Pro is a lot more expensive but is it worth it? p.s. keep in mind i'm a student so i dont earn a ton ;-)"
"Who cares, these animals lives are meaningless. They exist only to be butchered and consumed. Now excuse me while I go and eat some chicken"
RIP Alan Thicke He died playing rec hockey like a true Canadian. He was one of us.
Furthering our descent into fascism by trying to save capitalism
"I understand that frustration but the result of this is more money for the original creator (BBC) to make more, and the BBC is non-profit so it's not lining shareholders pockets."
"his message meant that, of the total number of muslims carrying out terrorism, about half are under 30. if you want to interpret that as meaning that he thinks **most** under 30s muslims are terrorists then you are free to do that. you are also free to consider learning basic statistics, debating and even reasoning itself."
"Because Batman is the hero we need. Duterte is not a hero, nor needed."
What about Toads?
It's hard for smart folks not to be anti-stupid.
I have a big problem with the black kids holding the guns.
Stream Highlight: Riven/Damage3.0 Rant
I've always had the slightest connotation that the show was in one way or another about the clintons.
The creepy voice over is what sells it
Telling your teammate that he's bad isn't going to magically make him play better. I'm sure they know they're playing badly. Be supportive.
"Be prepared to have every person you meet fuck you over as hard as is humanly possible. There are occasionally friendly people but always, *always* keep your guard up. People will literally spin anything to either betray, backstab, kill you or get into your base and steal your shit."
"You're not. We've had plenty of token systems.. class tokens that you switch for gear, or guaranteed token currencies from doing content that you can eventually buy stuff with - with a choice. Legendaries could easily have been this... defeat EN on Normal for the first time, get a legendary token. Defeat it on HC, get another token. Or something similar. Doesn't have to be raiding. Complete the entire storyline (up to Suramar), get a legendary. Finish the Arcan'dor, get legendary. What the hell was the problem with these systems, according to Blizzard? Did anyone ever complain? Why are we having 0 of these left?? I don't understand"
he was a fucking white mailman
Ugh man why can't we customize the old Pegasus vehicles or trade in the old useless technical
Making some fire
"The Telegraph is a national newspaper in the UK, how is this fake news?"
spelling: 10/10 comprehension: 5/10
Did he scouted Huni and RO?
GAY
I hedge with gold investment
"Can someone fill me in here? I'm a little confused. Is ""Aimbot"" the ""name"" (not real name obviously) of the person? Or are they banning all 5000 SR people who use Aimbot?"
Please do explain how on a finite planet wealth is somehow infinite.
Looking for some friends to add on Xbox one Tired of playing solo and would like to squad up first serious battlefield for me in a long time
"Two Korean women tourists to Japan who just arrived in Osaka, attacked with verbal racial slurs and sexually harassed by group of Young Japanese men (captured on live video)"
My guess... all-in around $45k?
Girlfriend was peeling a mandarin when... I don't like the way this mandarin is behaving around her.
"Royal Giant buff! death damage. Royal Giant isn't quite the one man show he is supposed to be. Great on offense but not so much on defense. How about replace that giant canonball he is holding with a bomb. Drops bomb on death, blows everything up. That way those pesky troops chipping away at him won't get past the bridge. Be my friend! #CVY082Q"
"Im in the process of buying a home, im guessing this is going to make my rate skyrocket when I get a loan?"
Is Michael Floyd worth picking up? We need a WR who can catch.
What's something embarrassingly simple that you just can't seem to do correctly?
UFC 207 is ridiculously stacked
Glad to know that the RLP supports this!
Gennifer Flowers: Bill Clinton Paid $200 For Me to Abort His Baby
Yea the Waltons weren't just born into their wealth.
I've made 900 + healing pots and 400 + flasks/dps pots and have not gotten rank 3 for a single one. I think you just got insanely lucky.
"Komm mal runter, Brudi. So ein Umgangston geht echt gar nicht."
The Quakers wanted to free to slaves in the early days of the country too.
"iPod Classic. Three main reasons: huge storage, easier to skip songs or pause while driving/while it's in my pocket, and it's the only way to play digital music through my car. My car is part of that awkward generation where it was too late for tape but too early for AUX or Bluetooth. So I have to use an FM transmitter. And yes, I know that you can buy FM transmitter with AUX, but unfortunately all the ones I've seen don't have batteries so need to be constantly plugged into the cigarette lighter... Which is broken. So yeah, iPod Classic and ancient FM transmitter until I can afford to buy my own car."
PSG Roster
I don't have the best PC but here is my Modded Skyrim
I was there when this happened 2 years ago in the US... We gave drinks away for so long that word got out and we ended up insanely busy. Only closed 2 hours early
"The price increases are no problem for me, just means they will get more money which means more catalog updates for us."
This is know as Integer Overflow. When a number gets so big in a computer than it becomes negative
Are these actually snow flakes?
A little vodka never hurt no one.?
Windows Update wouldn't finish because the computer kept going to sleep... but I couldn't change sleep mode because Windows Update was running. Stupid Windows Update.
It's really fun getting called a nutjob and a fucking idiot for pointing out the FACT that Russia participated in the election and the FACT that they want to undermine us to catch up in world power. THESE ARE FUCKING FACTS PEOPLE. It's happening right fucking now!
"Yeah, that steel isn't fucking dirt though. If you scrape one of those edges it will gut your F-150."
Yahoo discloses hack of 1 billion accounts
How is it Google's first pic for LBJ the guy playing violin?
wow the game use to seem less greedy back in the day. equal dust and craft costs earn packs as you play on ladder you could earn up to 30 packs in a single arena run holy crap
copying decks is annoying it annoys me when i can't copy a deck because im missing one or two cards . i suggest supercell adjusts this and replaces cards you dont have with random ones or the closest replacement you have.
that's not very inclusive of you...
People will never learn. Just pay the full price for this AWESOME game.
"California governor: 'If Trump turns off the satellites, California will launch its own damn satellite'"
think its the bit where you fight the pyromancer right?
Alex Jones as the head of the new Department of Anti-Lizardpeople Affairs.
Rogue One is based on one line from Star Wars: A New Hope about stealing the Death Star plans. What line from a movie do you think could inspire an entire film on its own?
"This makes no sense! If you are on steam, the objective is to get the biggest library from Steam Sales and Bundles only, not to buy games you will play! Nobody in PCMR sub plays PC games, we just fill our Steam libraries! Playing games leads to wear &amp; tear of your glorious PC components. Hey guys, this dude actually plays his games, lol!"
"I was disappointed to begin with but the more I thought about it the more I grew about it. The game started with the story of the main character and his wife and then him running away from his problems. That's what the game at it's core was about, not a potential conspiracy against him. The game did an amazing job making me FEEL like there was a conspiracy and there was a lot of tension. There's also a secret ending where you can actually stay behind which you might like better too."
"Pirate Bay to be blocked in Australia, Federal Court rules"
"It must suck being treated as a bloc instead as regular American voters. Though they tried the same.thing with ""uneducated whites""."
the leather jacket just makes this more believable
What's your take on the fact that a foreign enemy KGB Agent placed a puppet in the White House?
Should I remove this sub? It's a little useless Title is self-explanatory.
GGG isnt Russian...
"People who delight in being ""brutally honest"" delight more in brutality than honesty"
"I thought reassuring the rest of the world we'll stand by our treaties and word was pretty fucking impressive. Literally doing global damage control in front of the country and world. Meanwhile, her opponent wants to start a war with Iran because they hurt his feelings. How she isn't impressive -even in relative terms compared to bigly D- makes me think this is bizarro world or something"
I would even recommend ff10 over 15 due to the length.
Because they dont play CS.
?
"Good luck, I'm behind seven proxies."
"Awesome catch as always. I was wondering, how do you know when a player is going to do something incredible, like that flick, when they're in a 5v5 situation? Is it just from experience and practice from playing &amp; observing lots of high level matches, or it is more ""shooting in the dark"" in that sort of situation?"
Man who raped child in swimming pool because it was 'a sexual emergency' has jail sentence increased on appeal
"What about when Mercy was a must-pick? *""Reinhardt, don't you think it's time asdfsdfasdfasdf""*"
"Renlund: No trend of more people leaving the church. Son-in-law is EQP in Penn. Last week he went to a regional leadership training in Philly with Elder Renlund. During the Q&amp;A my good SIL posed a question. SIL: Half of my siblings have left the church. Half of my wife's siblings have left. I know of other family and friends who have serious questions. Is there a trend in the church of people questioning and leaving? If so, how is the church addressing this? RENLUND: We have always seen people come into the church and people leave the church. We are not seeing an increase in people leaving. My SIL was very disappointed to hear this assessment after what he has seen in the family. And hearing of the many people I have seen leave. He noted that some of the talks in conference are sending a different message. BTW, around the Oct GC, he told me I was on the fast track to excommunication. Who knows, the prophecy to his FIL may come true."
I'm so grateful we have the Book of Mormon to combat these kind of ridiculous heresies that our children are taught at school.
You're suggesting that every shop and office must have it's own toilet facilities. Surely you have to see how ridiculous that would be. Having to cross the road is not an insurmountable obstacle.
"I partially understand why they might think that (even if it's totally bonkers), but it takes a special kind of willful ignorance to just gloss over all the Jesuses all over Catholic churches and Cathedrals."
"Redditors, what is the name of your WiFi? And what is the funniest you've ever seen?"
So around 0.03% of Rust owners would be interested in this feature. Doesn't sound like it's worth the effort.
"Suggestion: 2,000 Phoenix for a named gear saled cache? I think this is a fair option given how low drop rates are on top of the RNG of stats roll. This comes out to 1 cache per 25 Lex Challenging runs (not counting the phoenix coins you can earn from selling the loot and buying basic sealed cache). There are quite a few named weapon/gear out there so there is still a layer of RNG plus the usual stats roll RNG. I understand the point of making the item rare and the ""rewarding"" feeling a player gets when one drops, but the current system is just a painful grind. I know players who have ran lex over 300 times with no Barret Drop or a drop that is absolutely horrible. This scenario is also true for other players who are grinding the other missions for named items. yes i know you can be viable without Barrett.. i've been running reckless + skulls for a while now and I do very well in the DZ. However it is very frustrating to log in and see 90% of your friends running lex and the other 10% just being salty after running lex."
/pol/ack on socialism
All I have to do now is the edging and weave in the ends.
Trump keeps falsely claiming allegations of Russian hacking came only after he won election
'Right to Work' constitutional amendment on November ballots in Virginia
Oh no! Pat dropped something...
I'd be cool with Sharia Law if it meant never being subjected to that fucking Mariah Carey song again.
"It didn't effect the world for me at all. I moved many countries, 9/11 didn't have any affect. I asked my parents actually too, for more views, and they said nothing changed."
No way the skins let him walk.
Vape and Doritos?
First C4D render - GSG tut with some decal mapping.
What animal did evolution fuck over the hardest?
"Top Google search trends for MLB players in 2016: Kris Bryant (1), Anthony Rizzo (2), David Ross (3), Curt Schilling (4), Aroldis Chapman (5)"
World record for keepie-ups on a Tone?
"Futurism, forecasting, and getting real about fake news"
My name is Morella Almann and I am making a new language called Escoalarian! AMA!
"Right, because when I think Phaedra and Porsha, I think product &amp; tech wizards"
A) Odds are he is not the most CoD player in existence. The numbers just don't add up. B) Opinions often vary. I'm surprised you've never noticed this.
I spent way too much time reading through that thread making myself mad
"KKK supports Trump, so Trump = White Supremecist. Saudi Arabia supports Hillary, but Hillary = LGBT and women's activist? Okie Dokie"
That's people: it's easier to say conspiracy than admit maybe they're wrong or backed a poor choice. They'll come up with some insane theories rather than admit fault.
The lyrics of this 1981 song would be considered as inappropriate and unacceptable in 2016.
Where would one find that? Sorry if that is common knowledge.
"If the United States voting age was 10 years old instead of 18, how do you think the candidates would have adjusted their campaigns to get the kids votes?"
Unfortunatly it was ruined by Gray Gaulding.
"If you could combine any two rig payload and trait's what would they be? Mine would be ping with active camo, would make getting melee kills so much easier, what do you guys think?"
It's almost like there was something different about the two of them. I WONDER WHAT IT WAS.
Finally a set of pictures that compare two of the same areas/buildings.
"When the newbies come in at work we show them how to SSH into different clusters and edit files and work. Most of the guys know Nano and Sublime, but over SSH Vim/Vi/(Nano if you have to) are easier to use. Watching them try to figure out how to exit vim is the best thing every time. For those not in the loop in Vim you use the command *:q* to quit, *:w* to write (save your progress) and you can use *:wq* to save and quit. You can also use *Shift+Z+Z* to save and exit. None of these things are the more ""modern"" *Ctrl+S* to save and *exit()/quit()* to close something."
I hate the smell of my own farts. They're pretty disgusting. ....but for some reason I always try to at least catch a whiff of them...
"The best test to give to humans by God If God were really trying to see who is a true believer, the best test would have been to give humans every pleasure and wish she / he seeks and then see if humans still worship God. Guess God missed that point :)"
Any evidence to support that claim?
"They are giving us daylight, we would stay with sunnier evenings."
worlds crunkest math class
"Because there's only one type of intelligence, and it hinges completely on math skills."
"You ever think maybe this issue really is important, maybe killing net neutrality will set back the advancement of technology significantly, and maybe this is a reasonable thing to freak out about?"
Superior morrigan's chaps have a built-in Gyroscope
"I don't take it to be circular and here's why. I'm not saying that 1. If God loves us he must exist 2. Jesus told us that God loves us 3. Jesus is the son of God 4. Therefore God exists. It's more a position of inevitability. Again, this is all under the assumption that Christ is the word of God, which can absolutely be discussed but I don't want to end up typing out 30 pages. If God tells us that he loves us, we have no choice but to believe him. If he is telling the truth to us and he really does love us, then that is great. If he is lying to us and he does not love us, then our belief or disbelief is irrelevant, we are doomed anyways. Also, I don't take his actions to contradict the notion of love. Could you give me an example of such an action?"
"Obama's Birth Certificate Proven a Forgery, Fraudulently Fabricated Document"
Gaming. Interacting with them on online forums I can't believe how whiny and entitled so many of them are. I'm really hoping that they're just a vocal minority but I hate being associated with them.
"Sounds like someone made a huge error, consider yourself lucky or if you are feeling gracious send some back."
"Pre-Civil war Democrats were Southern plantation owners and poor white sharecroppers. The people shifted. The platform DID NOT. The party is the same and it has the same ideals. So no, the ""Democrats and Republican party's magically shifted around X"" myth is not gonna convince me."
Let's make a list of outlets you want banned.
Fair. Can we settle on dumb as fuck?
"Free Falk Fryday the last one lads! We got this one female colleague, at first she was a good worker, helped a lot, did her share. but lately she does fuck all. She just sneaks her way through the shift avoiding just about every piece of work, everything you ask gets rejected as she is ""too busy"" . but our Ticketing system says otherwise. Also she always goes around switching shifts with everybody for her own, but when you ask in return she always has an appointment on exaclty the hour that it would not work. what a coincidence. only taking, never giving. Also she goes on a smoke break, every. single. hour. it's comepletely out of hand... problem is our team leader is more of a ""friend of everybody"" kind of guy, and she does her utmost best to stay good friends with him, so he does not notice how bad we start to dislike her in our team."
What is the greatest video game weapon of all time?
"No trying to argue, just curious: Why is nfc that important to you? I never used it, am I missing out on something?"
Post-michael episodes make me sad.
"That would be really amazing. RemindMe! 1 month ""has he taken a picture on the top of Everest yet?"""
"How is 5E? I've switched over to Pathfinder after the 4E debacle, and feel quite comfortable with it, but I have been wondering what 5E is all about."
Thu 2016-12-15 accessing vault............unlocked calculating name matrix.........locked in inheriting legacy.....endowed finding server to name........done initializing TCPoB (TCP over Butler).....initialized establishing secure connection.......secured sending name assignment.......done wait for response.........success. one of our servers renamed to *RogueOne*
Funny thing is hunter's relic was their ranged weapon.
Happy birthday to the ground
League also has very Minimal content and extremely outdated graphic when it was first released.
"I'm guessing the encounter got off to a *rocky* start. One or two of your players *shale*-ed their saving throws. But then they started getting *boulder* and taking more risks. Before long, their strategy became *crystal* clear. And then they found clever ways to be *granite* advantage on their attack rolls and saving throws."
Report: Russians failed to hack RNC
After running its literally 100's times yes Ive seen this
Piece of turkey as head coach in 2 years confirmed
1. No one cares that you're an atheist 2. The fact that you randomly bring up your atheism is what makes you a neckbeard. Not your atheism.
Uhh items up for vote need to be reviewed before going in rotation.
"That's not voluptuous, that's fat"
"Actually, it's both."
"What the hell is your problem? Well if you MUST unsummon the 5* monster because you are terrible using it then guess what smart man **You can feed it to someone else**. Unsummoning has not reason to exist in this game in the first place, its not like people ever use it. They always go at monster options to lock it. Or if for any reason along with this change you cant even feed it you can always send a ticket. I am 99% they can delete it for you.They can recover monsters, so they can also delete them now i have a very important question WHY THE HELL YOU WOULD WANT TO UNSUMMON A LIGHTING. DO WE PLAY THE SAME GAME?"
Deal
Fake News
"Tea/coffee???!! I babysat for a girl who took a bottle until she was 6, so she would put juice or Kool-Aid in it herself...she and her parents were very odd. She also bit me. At 6 years old. I think she's the reason I didn't have kids until 31."
"Questioning the motives of the government's spy agency is ""pretty stupid"""
My girlfriends dad and brother constantly get called out and criticized for being soldiers whenever they ask if there is a military discount anywhere. It makes me really angry that people can act like that towards the people who literally put their lives on the line for their country.
"It's almost as if immigrants aren't the problem, but rather some religion... Oh but that's forboden to blame!"
If it runs on the PS4 you can play it in cinema mode.
Cheating and creating cheats for online games is now officially a crime in south korea
"I'm more referring to the mid 2015 mech where terran would literally just never ever attack and would defemd until they had a battlecruiser armada...I think i subconciously blocked swarm hosts out of my memory, that was even worse lmao"
get over it children
Should I Continue One Piece Or Is It Too late?
No mentions on the horrible air ship camera angles? :(
The theory of evolution
It's been in place since the 70's. Deferral for families with kids was introduced in 2010.
Pelican 1510 (FAA carry on limit)
For the Record: Trump falsely claims no one mentioned Russia before his win
Lawler is but respectable towards his elders
I love the game. Played it on Pro but feel very sorry for people without a Pro for it. It's really unfortunate that they didn't manage to give them a smooth experience :/
"12 team .5 PPR Need 2!: Michael Thomas vs. TB Brandin Cooks vs. TB Alshon Jeffery vs. WAS Kenny Britt vs. SF Tyreek Hill vs. DEN Stefon Diggs @ GB Currently, I have both Cooks &amp; Thomas in the WR1/2 slots (I'm facing the Brees owner!!!) Help me Obi-Wan!"
"Due to Spez, stickies from The_Donald will no longer show up on r/all. ONLY POSTS VOTED ORGANICALLY WILL BE ON R/ALL. We are now RECRUITING for RISING and NEW. Help make Reddit great again!"
"Electors told ""Vote for Trump or we rape your wives and daughters."""
"The coolest part of this is that you can clrearly recognize the person, Taras Shevchenko, Ukrainian poet. And the whole picture illustrates one of his poems which goes something like: ""I was thirteen. I herded lambs Beyond the village on the lea."""
Nope.
"To be honest, veins do look blue."
DAE remember when women knew their fucking place *beats wife*
How many more phases before they get to acceptance?
"I only had my dad's vhs tapes he hid the in the closet. It was straight interracial porn.... but I started jerking off like around 8, so that was even before I discovered porn."
"Friends with someone over at Respawn Entertainment, are we, Jimmy Boy?"
"but hera is alive in rogue one. on yavin you can hear them calling for ""general sindulla"""
IMO The type of man that would say something like this doesn't involve themselves in sex long enough to give orgasms.
Shooting bows or throwing spears disconnects you. Shooting a bow or throwing anything disconnects you from the server.
I can't believe Burfict had three pick 6's
Lol. Do you have teenagers?
Eastern Parkway closed again this weekend (from now until early morning Monday 12/19)
"axe instead of ask like ""and then I axed him if he was ok"""
Guess they forgot to invite Willie.
I'm Sure the updates are amazing
She always turns her head at a weird angle every time she throws a hook. How has nobody drilled that horrible habit out of her by now? It's so sloppy.
"Father, son arrested after KFC is robbed at gunpoint in Hopewell; 1 suspect still at large"
"Come on dude, don't be that guy."
"Mitchel knows that, just like The Walking Dead, the Patriots only have so much room for black receivers."
I'm Chinese. Lol?
Riots break out in Venezuela as people get stuck with worthless cash
"What would your honest reaction be, if you went on to Scottgames only to see an image of Scott himself dabbing?"
"Yesterday in Damascus a seven year old walked into a police station asking for help, she had a suicide vest on."
"Not just disband, they should never be allowed to ever touch a mouse again."
"To be honest, as a regular us citizen this doesn't actually change my mind on Trump. People keep calling this a hack, disinformation, false flag, ect. I'm more pissed it supposedly took another country to make me realize where my donations were going, where my candidate went, and what the party I was suppose to be supporting was actually doing. Tell me why I should be angry that a foreign entity showed us the behind the scenes? Why should I hate someone that let me know maybe democrats are just as bad, if not worse than Republicans? Is it because liberal policies are above the truth? I'm not wanting to move a goal post, but every argument I've heard against this still doesn't actually give me a reason to extend my distrust any further than the DNC. The RNC was already garbage in my eyes, this just leveled the playing field."
That would require them to have a backbone. So I'm gonna say no they wouldn't
"All you need to know is that this differential equation actually has an entire family of solutions, and the one she listed is not a valid solution. It's also completely unclear how that function could be used to calculate the probability of her responding. It doesn't satisfy the requirements for being a valid probability density function for positive values of t. She done goofed. She done goofed real bad."
That makes about as much sense as ripping out a person's skull and them beating them to death with it.
"Nobody's arguing that we should get rid of history, they're arguing that we shouldn't celebrate a useless genocidal maniac with a holiday. Literally anything from our history would be better. Trail of Tears Day? Still better than Columbus."
"Snow in Moscow, Russia"
"Also, send your wife nudes. Wives love nudes."
Have you tried opening a support ticket? They have a support system for a reason. Reddit PM is definitely not the appropriate communication medium for this kind of things
"Literally, none of her problems are ones she can solve without a medical professional of some description."
"Russia are trying to produce their own style of the 'Hunger Games' -- ""fights, alcohol, murder, rape, smoking, anything at all"" but contestants must ""obey the laws of the Russian Federation""."
"Question, will the new BNM governor come smack him down and put him in his place."
Probably because you don't have fus yet when you are running up the throat of the world. So this scenario would never be possible. At least not that part
I don't like how I'm now considered a conservative just for being pro-gun. I also don't like how they treat any subject they disagree with. This is more than guns.
Samsung pay. Anyone use samsung pay? One quick question...does it cost money like monthly to use samsung pay?
Im playing since early S3 being high gold for 2 seasons. Every season I start out around silver 4 or 3(when season end comes I start picking fun stuff like warwick top and loose a lot of elo) and players have definitely become better there. Seeing insec moves on lee in season 3 was super rare now you see everyone and their mom doing it with ease.
Why not put missiles on the fucking cars aswell
New Trading Marketplace
what were you doing alone the other side of the river dude?
"A mirror changes left and right, but not up and down"
Does someone main Chiron? He is soo hard to play.
"This becomes even more confusion because there's a Magic mechanic called Miracle that has nothing to do with this. Also because ""Gro"" was the more important part of the name, not ""Miracle""."
"Right now, i'm smally regretting not shovelling the snow and browsing reddit instead."
The system just assumes he is a smurf and probably belong up there. No need to put him down in gold and make 10s of terribly unbalanced games until he gets diamond+
"No, you changed that information, the old data is gone, it is like a picture, you just changed the color of a section"
What is the best siege weapon of the middle ages?
Danny Rose is that dude
My girlfriend tries to trick my phone by imitating my voice but she is tiny and can't really even get close. She just hunches over and sounds like a gorilla. It's terrible and it never works.
"I Think Hi Rez doesn't realize the literal goldmine they've stumbled upon Go on the Tumblr and search the Paladins; Champion of the Realm Tag there, and you'll find an interesting trend. And no, I'm not referring to all the Cassie Porn. 1 Word: FURRIES. Furries seem to loe this game, for some reason, especially thanks to Pip. He's paired with EVERYONE, from Fernando to Bomb King. Drogoz is another big favorite. Now, imagine if, instead of the new Champion, we would have had an Actual Bear, or Bear Like Character, be it female or male. (I know from Smite that Hi Rez seems to have a problem with depicting monstrous or not-humanoid women, but *bear* with me (Eh)). Just think about the INFLUX of new players and fanart. Think of the MONEY, Hi Rez! All that sweet, untapped and quite sweaty money the furries would give you! Also, adding another generic badass normal character kind of takes away Victor Awesomes of being able to go toe to toe with Witches, Dragons and God Slayers with just an assault riffle and some grenades. So, Hi Rez, learn your lesson, stop releasing generic base female characters with generic kits and instead start releasing more animal-based characters, and you'll basically hit the jackpot."
"As someone that drives a diesel, I wish they would do this for people with gas vehicles parked at diesel pumps at the gas station."
Thats why is she ex now ?
Bernie Sanders:The administration should kill the Time Warner-AT&amp;T merger. This deal would mean higher prices and fewer choices for the American people. So he agrees with Trump.. I knew he's a closet Trump supporter! :)
"I'm a very calm person. I remain calm during some of the most stressful situations. No matter how calm I am I still feel the stress. Ive developed psoriasis from it. I've developed bowel problems from it. The stress never goes away or is abated until the cause is gone, no matter how calm I am."
"Can confirm, am working on strobe light buffer overflow as we speak."
"Why is scylla considered balanced? Shes like a he bo in late game with 3 ult abilities, except that hers are really easy to hit, plus she has mobility. Why should a big aoe circle or aoe root do 1000+ damage while other harder to use gods and their harder to hit abilities dont?"
Wait did I miss something? Is spez a pedophile or is this just hate circlejerking?
"Tbh I like ekko a lot in the midlane. Being melee sucks yes, and maybe its just a personal preference thing, but I just like building full ap on him. Dipping in and out of the fights and using ult aggressively (not stupidly) when ahead can really get you snowballing hard. I find his roaming pretty good too, as you can use his stun to zone the lanes back into fighting. He also is incredibly hard to kill, especially when he's ahead."
"Yep, there is a Conspiracy of them working to undermine the Citizens."
This is my Christmas Tree!
"If they want equal rights, they have to accept equal lefts too."
This school board meeting from my town is surreal
This salt shaker looks like a klansman from behind
I could believe the first one. After that this is total bullshit
The man presided over THE LONGEST PERIOD OF ECONOMIC PROSPERITY IN AMERICAN HISTORY. Fuck.
First Walking Animation!
If it wasn't they wouldn't make children's toys for it.
What are some of the secret dungeons that don't take as much time to complete?
"Anyone else with too many tickets? I really want to play the World Tour mode, but I feel like I'm wasting tickets. I've beaten the first 4 worlds and got the pink coins in all the levels, and my tickets are already in 99. I've been playing A LOT of Toad Rally, but they don't seem to go down, especially getting more every now and then with the bonus levels. Anyone else with the same ""issue""?"
Was the phones war still going on or was ww2 in full swing?
"The ""drink more water"" snippet is my text tone For like the 2% of the time my phone isnt on vibrate Actually pretty useful, if I have my phone on ring while im going out, it reminds me to stay hydrated and not wreck the next day by being hungover"
"Well we've all seen British film, but everyone stateside still seems shocked that my British husband has nice teeth ..."
"Lineup predictions for next week? I didn't see the game (hospital TV was broken) but I know Costa and Kante are both out for next week. I'm wondering what you all think about our potential lineup for the Bournemouth game. Personally I was thinking a 352 or maybe a 3142. We could keep the same back line/keeper, and have a midfield of Alonso, Matic, Fabregas, Willian/Pedro, Moses. That would let Hazard play up front with Batshuayi. What do you guys think?"
Smokin'
"No no, they were shaking their fists at the sky and chanting ""E.T. Go Home!""."
"Hopefully the anti Max clan will see it too that Vettel was the one who drove ""to agressive... ""Over the line"" etcetera. What we call in Holland ""een koekje van eigen deeg!"" I think vettel is a great guy but lately he lost it somehow. He is whining like a little b***h alot and that doesn't suit him."
I sympathize with the US. Rather than stay and fix their own country they sneak in to the US to take advantage of the successful economy.
"No unfortunately haha, I went with tocantins"
me irl
It drives me crazy to see a fixed part. Is it just me?
My Prediction: Bitcoin will be $8290.17 in 2017! 1DNQoYSmTWav9Vg2FpWB5E2ZyUkSg1jGHm
If you could choose one non-conference game to schedule for your team next season. If you were the AD of your college team and could schedule a game immediately for next year who would you schedule and why? I would honestly love to schedule Miami and see Richt and Franklin go at it. There's history between those programs and I'd think it'd be a great football game between two historic programs that are on the come up.
"Hell, look what happened in the United States. It's like nobody's ever read the actual commerce clause, and yet, due to 'interpretation' the plain English sentence has been reversed to say the exact opposite of what it says."
The build is complete
They have a higher quality of life for the same amount of money.
You think he has time to check a dectionary each time he puts out a Tweet? He is too busy Making America Great again and giving Thank you tours! #MAGA #FUCKTSJIANA
I didn't want to get banned by a TIL mod for using a curse word in another subreddit.
So delete the post? Oh no wait you cannot cause karma and the hope some sweet Christmas spirit will come your way. Shoo!
Unequal Sentences for Blacks and Whites
I was banned from that for insulting tumblr.
What was the greatest trap ever set?
"It looks like the tank taunted during the breath cast. You can see her drop her target and look towards the right very briefly as she starts the cast, then immediately targets the tank again and looks in his direction."
"Real AmericaTM exclusively lives in Michigan, Ohio, Wisconsin, Pennsylvania, and Iowa and you have to be white and you have to hate Crooked Hillary with all of your heart."
I had the same thought. It's gotta be there.
"Coal workers in the United States when we had a small federal government, no EPA, no unions, and no regulation."
"If I was the manager, I would rather have one tape than none."
"You're right but it doesn't make it any less cringy, which I will admit is a sad reality."
Best of 1 rounds were pretty disappointing.
"Your sadly right. I hate when people dont understand that as awful as these conditions are to us, they are literally the only thing keeping the children from dying."
You let your child watch the prequels? Some parenting.
I volunteered to clean up after birthday party for 1 reason only
hoping for a blowout so we can see Damian tonight!
"How the hell can someone claim that the Jewish didn't struggle? The whole of their history is full of persecution, with the Holocaust and all."
2GGT: Genesis Saga announced! January 14th PogChamp
"It sucks when pun threads take away the potential of the original article being interesting. Sure there are tangents toward the bottom but usually just references to references to "" to shreds you say"""
Free Tourney cuz why not
Who's THAT person you Stalk on Social Media?
How did you end up at your job?
"He isn't. That's only the clickbaity title. The pope has a background in chemistry, he is not a complete dumbass you know."
Cat gaining power to enslave mankind
Literally just a gay guy who voted for Trump
"In every drop of seawater, there is a mini game of agario happening."
"Fix the Warmongering system. It's so broken, that whenever somebody declares a war on me, I take 1 of their cities, and then I'm the warmongeer. WTF! Make it so, whenever an enemy unit is near my city or one of my sleeping/fortifying units, there's a notification. Sometimes it glitches when I exit the game."
"No heterochromia or dog, but I actually am a boobie."
He was knowingly doing something illegal. That is pretty indicative of someone who has no regard for law.
"Most Lidl products I think are excellent quality but this gravy was disgusting we threw it out after one use, tasted like thick drain sludge now I know why."
but the global version of the redmi 3 pro is not a rooted version right? im asking because im not sure. i get confused with these things.
"Well that is all pointless and stupid, because people simply buy 'alt accounts' to play with their own ranked friends, still fucking up the matchmaking system by doing so."
Fear.
I mean why would he give a fuck?
R*... you should probably outlaw special vehicles in events.
Of Kissinger? Kissinger has met with Donald Trump and offered to help with his cabinet and is very pro Russia. Where do you get your news?
"Why? My (prejudiced) thinking about French ""imperialism"" would just assume that France would jump at the chance."
DaZeD's sick molly
What are some common forms of sexism that men face?
A child and his grandmother die because of a chicken.
That comment mad absolutely no sense.
Dudes a pornstar. What do you think?
"I've recently discovered that my son might have ADHD. He is having trouble focus in school, can't stop fidgeting, and isn't learning the lessons a lot of times. He's not diagnosed yet, so I haven't said anything to anyone, but it's disappointing and frustrating because now I have to work with him even more at home to get him up to speed. I know, that's my job as a parent, but I'm tired. I get up and get him ready for school, then I go work an 11-12 hour shift, then come home and barely have enough time to make dinner, get the ready for the next day, get him the help on his work, and get to bed at a decent time. It's exhausting and I wish he was like the other kids in the class so this would be easier."
"I was about to come here and say fuck off with that because I can't afford to go to BlizzCon, but it's fine it's just Starcraft. If there's a D.Va anything for OW that gets locked behind some kind of hyper-exclusive/expensive event like BlizzCon I'm going to throw a figurative fit."
I would keep DT on the bench.
Cazorla would absolutely decimate this city squad today.
Brazile Disputes Obama's Claim That Russian Hacking Stopped After He Spoke To Putin ... SO OBAMA LIED?
Down 3 with 2 seconds left. Ball comes out on the side ... who'd yall want taking the shot?
If I'm on a ship and it sinks I have to drown or get eaten by a shark whilst the women get to go on the lifeboat.
"Zero tolerance for assaults on ambo staff. Lock the fuckers up, no mitigating factors taken into account."
Ok that call was right.
All over Jones there
The switch is a blatant Wii U replacement. Every successor to a system is its replacement. After BOTW comes out on Wii U (If it still does) I think the only other game that might release would be a Just dance or something seeing as how Just Dance 2017 released on the Wii.
You can try The Pirate Caribbean Hunt. It's one of the few good games that's free but not pay-to-win.
"Shadow banned people of Reddit, what's it like being shadow banned?"
Pope Francis declares evolution and Big Bang theory are real and God is not 'a magician with a magic wand'
What was the worst smartphone name you have ever seen? My favourites are the Motorola Citrus and LG Chocolate Touch. I don't want to eat my phone damn it!
This shit is too accurate.
"Kaiser could be trying to trick us, so we don't expect it when Markiplier plays Broly."
"""vultured"" that 42 yard run. Ok"
Annual Sunshine Hours Europe
What are some common forms of sexism that men face?
I was teasing
Me
Panthers playoffs game last year comes to mind too.
"Now that I've eaten the last of the fudge, I can get back to losing."
Stefan Savic dribble from halfway line and goal for Slaven Belupo vs Cibalia (4-0)
"I got lectured on how ""representation is important,"" for being a woman and supporting Sanders. Which, yeah, I agree it is important, but other things are a lot more important. Like having access to healthcare and making a living wage."
"We may not want her but damnit, they're gonna give her to us anyway"
Does he get extra points for this?
did anyone else hear that?
Um how do you turn off quick charge on a honor 8 ?
"Being a Board Member of most companies means basically nothing. I agree that he should resign from the Directorship though, at least to put people who know nothing about business minds at ease."
Shibasaki goal vs Real Madrid (1-1)
"Game won't open after an update. Yesterday it was working fine, I was on it for a while last night before bed, woke up today and updated it, and now everytime I open it up it just crashes back to my home screen, anybody else having this issue? I've tried uninstalling and reinstalling it but no joy"
This is literally the case with every city in the world. NYC is a great place and you should go if you ever have the chance.
sore loser soup for those who can't get over it and keep crying and crying
"Yeah, but it'd be more efficient to just use MeshParts and make the car in blender."
And keep in mind Infantry is one of the fastest filling fields and there may not be any available when you go to enlist. So be open minded to things like Arty and Tanks.
"He came back with Gold Hair, That wasn't a psych ward, it was the Hyperbolic Time Chamber Hyper-ballin Rhyme Chamber"
"Men, why don't you cuddle with your guy friends?"
haha no i am in fact not
NYPD official: Trump security costs 'not fair' to New York City
This. Democrats don't apologize. They just look for someone else to take the blame for their fuck ups.
Hardly canon tho.
"Just a question, what gauge wire did you use for all the switch connections?"
What does your comment mean scout
"Dominick ""The Dominator"" Cruz. 50-45 scorecards forever."
"hmm looking at hel, is she good?"
"Shoots, like, really quickly"
It's a T-rex deer.
Dak's 88.8% completion rate is the 2nd highest of all time - Min 30 passes
ITT: 1. Some really interesting combinations 2. Some people who don't understand the word 'unique' And I'd like to add one more.... Gulab jamun with vanilla ice cream
Thought I'd share my SweetFX settings for Civ IV
Your dad voted for a man who wants to strip you of your civil rights. Tell your dad to go fuck himself.
That's... Wow. That's a level of self entitlement my own MILs would strive for. Thank the gods that you dodged that bullet.
We are trying to bomb the terrorists.
"Ten minutes from now you will be thrown back in time 100 years, to the place you are right now. You have a solar battery charger. What are you going to load onto your smartphone?"
Brain after Reddit
"This is the point (and downvote me as much as you want, I don't give a fuck) where this wonderful community fucks things up. Taking Syria's issues as a joke (and this kind of sick joke) is so wrong it makes me wanna fucking cry."
The Lightning wheels are gone?
Forest Green invaders.. I think? I'm in the middle of a game. Do you have a white crown? Cause I can look.
"Beautiful photo of a beautiful city. One good storm surge, though...."
"Underrated schools in CFB? What does r/CFB think are some underrated schools in regard to their football program? Of course we all know USC, Alabama, Texas, Miami, Michigan, OSU, etc. but are some of the less famous schools that produce top tier football players? For me: I think Ole Miss. Ole Miss has given us Eli Manning, Patrick Willis, etc."
Ban alcohol.
"Being told what to do Often times doing what people tell makes me feel like i'm giving them some sort of power over what I am doing. for example this morning i thought to myself ""i should probably do the dishes"" then 5 mins later my roommate texted me that i should do just that now i don't want to because i feel like doing that makes it seem like i'm incapable of doing my own responsibilities without someone telling me what to do also i feel like it makes that person feel like they have some sort of authoritative power over me. I hate it."
They are smart besides peanut brain tarik Kappa
Texas Begins $350M in Medicaid Cuts; Disabled Children Affected
No! Fix stuff? And especially for trapper??? Are you mad? They should work on DLC's instead
It doesn't turn off Rama 2 or Thoth 1 either.
Giusto per distinguere dal resto di r/italy haha
"The federal government will protect him. If NY city or state doesn't, federal government employees will, and those feds may not care how much they inconvenience New Yorkers. Image the fun which would ensue from banning vehicles on all streets within 1/4 mile of Trump Tower."
"With all these legalization votes coming up I ask that you please educate yourself on what legalization is actually going to do. Please educate yourself on what the proposal in your state is going to do and how it's going to affect things; don't just jump to yes because it's being sold as legalization. If after learning about it, you still support it, then by all means vote for it but please PLEASE **PLEASE** don't vote yes just because they're saying it's ""legalization."" Educate yourself on how the changes are actually going to affect your life before you vote."
Gay people would use uber anyway. Taxi's are for straights and out-of-touch losers.
Someone has a case of the Monday's
"Well that is ridiculous, you can't have one rule for some and another for Verstappen. Hamilton and Rosberg both cut corner 1 and 2 respectively on lap 1 and received nothing. Yes there was a safety car not long afterwards but that was after the fact. And Vettel can't be saying that, makes him sound like a petulant child. He needs a penalty for that as well. Just give the victory to Ricciardo. Everyone likes Ricciardo."
"Ok, I'm triggered. No mention of Estonian _at all_."
88.9% completion for Dak. I mean. What.
"Which player ALWAYS scores on you? Kante and his 66 shot are busted against me, that nincompoop scores on me every game I play him. Vardy and Remy are always bagging them against me too, who always gets you?"
Liberals are getting more racist....
Official synopsis for Blade Runner 2049 - teaser trailer coming today
"One of the few times I've ever up voted you, dude. We have enough shotguns in H5."
Did you just censor pissed
My thoughts on Deadman Tournament final hour It was bad
"I would definitely think it's fair because it is. The game is not about forced PVP combat, it's about survival. I'd only get mad at myself for not thinking of such a brilliant idea."
"Majority of US thinks Electoral College vote should be delayed until Russia claims investigated, poll shows"
BREAKING: Hillary Elector goes rogue and votes for Bernie!
"Yeah, stasis is the probably the cheapest remix, and I'm not usually against the idea of remixes"
And Arab is technically White. Lol people's logic.
Bill would block computers bought in S.C. from accessing porn
Lmao Lions defender doing the Zeke feed me taunt. You're down 21 with 3 minutes to go.
I'm guessing they're going to do a crazy lineup for their 25th anniversary and those bands aren't cheap.
BAY AREA STREETWEAR MEET-UP #4 (12/17/16)
Those people with 12+ months of Silence could probably sell all that coal and buy everything there is on Earth.
Link to the confession video?
88.9% completion for Dak. I mean. What.
"In a hypothetical world where Marth is top 10, who falls out of it? Many had contended that an optimally spaced marth couod easily be a top 10 character in smash 4, largely thanks to his progressive buffs over time. With his combination of balanced attributes, range, and damage and early kill potential, it seemed like for months he was pulling great results but was just missing the big solo major win. And last night he got it thanks to Leo Ive had Marth as high as 11th for awhile now but goddamn you really must make an argument for him being top 10. The question is, who do you drop out of it now? I feel like this might come down to two characters in pariticular"
Eric Ebron is an anagram for Rice Boner.
The further away from the finale of bbcan the more im at peace with brothers winning. Tim gave up cass and joel legitamitly couldnt win a comp to save their game and kelsey bombed the speech while the bros pandered to the jury with happy birthdays and flags and just had fun
Horrific Video of Moment Russian Ambassador To Turkey Is Shot
*climbs on high horse* It is wrong to make jokes about the death of a dog and I am truly scared if you really are cops and my uncle **was** a cop in the 70s and he never ever took his gun out of his holster and you should be ashamed of police now because y'all have lost sight of what it is to protect and serve.
thank you Ben!! you made my day better. have a nice week!
How a Blue Dog resurgence can save the Democratic Party- and the country
"The Notes Cafe has closed down. Just saw on FB that it has closed. Didn't even last a year. Bit of a shame, although the single time I did visit, I wasn't blown away. The service was incredibly slow and the live music wasn't good. Still a shame that a local, independent business hasn't been able to sustain itself."
"If every champion in League was rolled back to their most OP patch, who would be the biggest nightmare to play against? I've heard rumors release xin is the biggest offender"
Major probably
"New-Ish T1 With Employer Questions I recently got a paid internship offer and I accepted but I did not mention I was T1 during the interview process. When should I tell them? I have only been diagnosed with T1 for one year and I am still in the process of setting up my CGM (Dexcom 4) and I do not have a pump. I tend to go low if I do not eat every few hours and I was afraid of telling them that I would need to eat and all that jazz. It's an office job and the people are very nice but I am still very new to being T1 and this is my first job after diagnosis. I do not know any other T1s in my area who I can ask for advice, any help would be greatly appreciated."
VC?
61.153(c)
Our first proven goal scorer signing since... Brian McBride?
"They were fun at first, because the gameplay was fast and rewarding. Then they added the slowfall effect and we are left with boring, buggy quests."
Obama says Democrats lost by not showing up
Russian ambassador is assasinated in Turkey.
"tl;dr - Banned pesticide found during the normal screening process, product recalled, but OMG THEY DIDN""T MAKE A HUGE STINK ABOUT IT AND NOW WE CAN'T TRUST ANY LEGAL MARIJUANA PRODUCER OR HEALTH CANADA!"
"Oh, and introducing... the **Clean** tag. Now, if your Bert Strip is devoid of any perversions or naughty language, you can let everyone know to avoid it by using this nifty new flair. Ain't that swell?"
"solo en este sub es ""picante"" un tema del que hablan en todo el mundo por el escandalo que implica las personalidades involucradas. Cierto que era blanco, hermoso y puro."
DLC 1 First Teaser!
"After this tragic occurrence, it is important that our first act is to prevent any backlash against Muslims that could cause offense."
Thats not true.
"The Ouya is a console, is it not?"
"Technically, he did exactly what he was supposed to do. Peds were waiting on the corner at a legal and well marked crosswalk, so he had to yield to them. In many jurisdictions, if a cop was nearby, he could be ticketed for just breezing over the crosswalk. But yeah, in his place, I would probably have just gone too."
Can i pick your brain? How come? 0.0
"Lol, k. All those businesses and all those millions of dollars telling the state of NC to pound sand was a Democrat black-op. Uh huh."
"Not everyone handles antipsychotics in the same way. It's why some antipsychotics lead people to go on homicide sprees and they later have no recollection of it, while others simply chill out."
Watch it be a green puzzleknot or something.
chess match - advantage Conor ghost riding the whip - advantage Floyd YES BECAUSE HE'S BLACK
Did you go out and buy a coleman also lol
"Notes 7's catch fire at unexpected times. Fire is hot. It spreads to other things that aren't on fire. Some of those things (like apartments, homes, workplaces) contain people. People tend to do poorly when they catch fire or are exposed to the toxic fumes that fire produces. So by continuing to use a device that can catch fire (at any time) then you are placing the people who live and work around you in danger. Unless you are literally sitting next to your phone 24 hours a day with a fire extinguisher in hand, there is no way you can guarantee that you aren't going to hurt somebody."
But how can Bulgaria have enough money for all this popcorn?
If roadhogs health was lowered to 350 would it be an improvement to the current meta?
"Whenever I sleep dart an ulting Genji, I see the sleep dart go right through him, and then I see the kill cam of him slashing me without me ever firing a sleep dart."
"as an Austrian, I have no idea what an Austrian hero might look like that isn't ridiculous, but a Mozart skin for Lucio would make me all tingly inside."
"vote your conscience only if we agree, hypocrisy at it's finest"
"If you woke up as your five year old self tomorrow, with the memories of your lived life intact, what would you do?"
Estrangeirismos
Licking it all out
Baltimore is for lovers #nsfw
Start studying differently and/or more effectively.
Why deliding CPU's can be so dangerous.
So...much.....doom....can't..edit...anymore......
well everybody else is in the same boat
"Here's hoping it's the former, seeing as he hasn't made a good movie since the first Blade Runner."
"""Player safety is our number one concern."""
I'm the sexiest man alive and I'm not scared of any of you.
may specific meme ba syang binanggit? what was it about?
"Yes his ""engagement"" coming to a close supersedes ours......."
Oh this is going to be lit. Supercell finally creating some free to play opportunities.
this is a very possible upset. no one's paying attention to the bulls
I hope the Rat works out for you! I've been trying for a few weeks to get a sound I love with no luck Any hints would be greatly appreciated
Questions no one can answer because doing so exposes them.
All male coworkers have exclusive text thread that excludes the girls
Playing with auto in real time (skin illusion)
I would like to point out that this is a defense without Luke Kuechly and Charles Johnson.
"In 10 words or less, describe your main to someone who never played LoL Mine: Vladimir He sucks you off then bleeds everywhere to kill you."
"Cererus security app shows in app manager, want it gone. I still see it listed in the application manager. Is that from maybe an old install or the beta? There is no option to uninstall either. What do I do? I want to be able to set it so it doesn't disappear in a factory reset as well. I know bc I reset it and it was gone off the phone. What am I doing wrong? I want to make it appear completely hidden. I saw a vid on the front page of a guy that spoke with cereberus and they changed the icon on the app, how did he do that? That's what I was expecting of this app when I got it."
"Well I expect this place to be Protestant, but r/Truechristian is supposed to be for Christians of all denominations."
Am I the only one who sees this as the 2nd year or a rebuild who is exceeding expectations?
About the upcoming winter sales..
SMALL GOVERNMENT.
How long have you been watching MMA for? I admire your ability to remember and talk about the fights so well.
I'll kill every single person in this thread I swear to christ
"Some people manage to go from Silver to Diamond, my friend did quite the opposite"
Tarik on Faze calling Optic an easy match-up
O'Douls has 0.5% alcohol or less per bottle. That's *some* booze no matter which way you cut it.
BREAKING: Berlin Truck Driver was refugee from Pakistan
Do those people even vote D?
"Exactly, how dare they not join the army, fighting wars against its own people and rather then that, fly off to a developed and advanced country where they have a bright future for themselves and their families. How dare they!!"
"Engine itself and the exhaust configuration mostly. There are currently 4 engine manufacturers in F1 (Mercedes, Ferrari, Renault, Honda) and each of them sound different."
"I already auraxiumed the Auraxium Slasher, if I complete this years Halloween directive, do I get another Auraxium Slasher to auraxium?"
and she's a woman! I hate women!
Why Sephardim don't understand ashkenazim (meanwhile in my yeshiva)
"Are you using lushens? Shouldnt need galleon for that, just a reg attck boost"
"The D.Va one is so true, I love eating ults and watching the enemy get confused for a second before realising!"
It actually isn't. Imagine I own a store and 50 years later I file charges against you for shoplifting. How would you defend yourself? Do you have an alibi? Can you prove you weren't in my store that day? I have witnesses that claim they saw you and they testify under oath. Seems pretty airtight. Statute of limitations protect everyone from these kinds of miscarriages of justice.
Slightly unrelated: What's the addon that puts the bar on the bottom-right with all the raid markers? I'm assuming selecting a target and clicking on those markers will assign them.
"More like ""Enter State Owned Company Name"" 18."
"Damn so they over complicated the math, no wonder all those note 7s were exploding"
I bet he has won a lot of Ipads.
"Meanwhile, my secretly-nerdy girlfriend was really impressed that I had a triple-monitor setup in my room the first time she came over, and once asked me to list my specs when we were cuddling in bed. Yes, she's a keeper."
Nationwide protests after Trump electoral college win
"Games used to come with manuals, bro."
When will Donald Trump be Unpresidented?
Oh my god that's an awesome card! I wish I put my address on more things online! Did they send to everyone? I'm so jealous!
Streamer finally gets win on King of the Kill after months of grinding
"Trump is a Billionaire with 100% successful kids, all graduated college, none have substance abuse issues, and all have shown genuine affection for their father. Hate Trump's policies, but he beat the odds being that rich and raising kids that aren't batshit crazy."
grunt? i always thought it was a scream.
Japanese Armor Blocking the fuzes of HE shells of Chi-Ha 12cm and Ho-Ro? It seems like HE shells on those vehicles do fine against non-jap tanks but against even thinly armored japanese tanks the shells do little to no damage and just pass through the tank. Is this a bug or does it come with the fact that shells no longer detonate on impact with crew.
"I've had long hair before - waist length - and it was like taking care of a pet. A beautiful pet, but what a literal pain. And what a perv magnet! Pervs who reach out and touch your hair and think you don't notice. Hair that length gets caught between your buttcheeks, falls in the toilet, no matter how careful you are. It takes forever to dry and is so heavy you get headaches. You have to have it tied up all the time when you do anything like work, or cook or a thousand other things. So, very pretty and sexy, but too much work for me."
"Last night was my worst losing streak. I got gold elims on D.Va with 4 kills at the end of the match (I had 4 gold medals in that game). It was so bad I had to make myself a strong drink before going to bed. No one can tell me that medals don't mean shit in that scenario. It's such a popular thing to dismiss them these days but I find that in most cases, it's just people parroting other players without really putting any thought into it."
"**(guessing)** File server full of large junk files connected as a network drive with a higher drive letter. The fake server gets hit first, triggering alarms and isolating the user."
Basically Tryndamere and Dr. Mundo from LoL?
I loved batman eternal and Batman and Robin eternal even more I really started getting into comics with New 52 so that superman seemed really good to me and having him go through his identity reveal seemed like an interesting take on a problem for him.
honour killing? seems like it could be culturally linked.
"Alex Radulov: Low-Risk, High-Reward."
"In my house, these are called 'Poop Sausages'"
please don't make i hate semen
TL Reacts to IEM Gyeonggi
"We learned a little more about the ""real"" world outside of westworld. The bald butcher's comments about ""the personality test should've weeded you out at the womb"" seemed to insinuate that people are given careers and paths from birth. Perhaps the guests lead lives in the real world not too much differently from how hosts lead lives in westworld."
"""First"" movie. Heh."
I don't know how anyone can get that into this game. Maybe they've never played MTG or something. The only reason I still play this daily is because it gives me something to do while driving down the freeway or during sex.
"Actually, I'm totally a gay magnet, everywhere I go. I wonder if I could...."
so he's pressuring DIPLOMATIC parties on OFFICIAL business into staying in a hotel that he HAS VIOLATED ITS OWN LEASE and will be in violation of EMOLUMENTS clause of Constitution? you can't make this shit up. i think he's just an experiment from the right ring to push the boundaries. and that would be good compared to other possibilities.
I am become mortar shell
"I agree, but I'd say they're more like 95% of the M50's."
Has Bernie denounced his cult's behavior in the electoral process yet? Maybe I missed it.
I was ACTUALLY wrongfully banned and have a full album of PROOF
"No edit flair is attached to your comment (next to the timestamp). Why did you put a ""typo asterisk"" in it?"
"No offense, but did you look at the 1070 benchmarks? Going in, it was pretty clear the 1070 can't max out all games at 100+ fps"
"I feel bad for the BMG fans in Manchester tonight. The weather is so bad, you cannot even go out within the town centre without getting drenched. And the game will almost certainly be postponed. It is still raining hard and the thunderstorms are still ongoing. I expect an official notification on this a bit later."
"My sister-in-law was traumatized as a teenager when she realized Santa wasn't real. Like, ""locked herself away for days crying in a closet"" traumatized. As a result she's teaching all her kids that Santa, the Easter Bunny, and the Tooth Fairy (among others) are lies, not to believe in them. She speaks in a snobbish tone about how bad parents and public schools are for teaching their kids to believe in Santa. She's still a hardcore Catholic, though."
Are brake pads supposed to look like the ones on the front of the box they came in?
50 nugs confirmed
"Circle, please, PLEASE start selling Bitcoin again"